================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: ICT General Market Commentary  \ November 24, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQM1Ut9V7mk
================================================================================

[Music] would just give me a heads up on X. Send me a tweet or whatever. Let me know you can hear me. Okay. Good morning folks. How are you? Market is now open. We have a bit of a gap here. So there's your reg trading hours gap. We have a regular trading hours by sell pool here. This is NQ Christmas ENQ December contract. And there's a line just right above that. I'll show you here in a second. Give me a moment. So you uh you view it from a hourly chart. What I was showing my kids this morning was this portion of price action from this candlestick up here is low to this candlestick's high. That's annotated right there. the sell side of balance buy efficiency. You look past that, go over to this little area here. This is a balance price range because of this candlesticks portion on the upside and to the downside. So, if we get a little bit of a run of the buy side here, this uh pointed to and we get into this area here, how far can it run up? Now, this is barring what I said to my kids. um if they start dropping bombs in uh Venezuela, then obviously, yeah, market's going to do whatever it's going to do. But all things being equal and there's no disruptions, I think that uh for a premium level, this is where I'd like to see it get to. Doesn't mean it can or will is that's where I'm aiming for. I'll let that know this morning. So, um we have new week opening gap here. right there. And I have that Greg I have that graded on a a one minute chart. Here's the buy side. I told you from regular trading hours. You have to know those levels, folks. If you're just looking at the regular trading hours, I'm sorry, excuse me. If you're just looking at the electronic trading hours only for market structure and for liquidity purposes, you're you're losing sight of what's available to you because of overnight overnight over the weekend, that type of thing. And uh it's important for you to know what those levels are because they're going to be pertinent. And to answer the fellow's question I I mentioned earlier on X they said uh you know what's a good book recommendation for like liquidity and there is no real good book out there for liquidity. I'm actually writing it every time I talk to you all and u I'll have very specific you salient points that you can live by in text format. There's that that draw in the I just told you about as well and it's it's probably random. I'm looking for white off to give me some reason why why it would have done that but that it's escaping me at the moment. Let's say this is the new week opening gap here. So in other words, this is where we stopped trading here. Here's Friday's settlement and then we opened here on Sunday at 6 p.m. So the difference between those two price points that is a new week opening gap as we define it and then we grade that. That means we're simply placing a Fibonacci on it not because there's something magical about Fibonacci but we want to grade it with the lowest quadrant the equilibrium or consequent encroachment because it's a gap upper quadrant and the actual opening price. So that's your range. You want to have that throughout the entirety of the week. And also keep them on your charts for about five weeks. They go a little bit longer than that. Uh I've used older ones than than five weeks, but it'll it'll serve you well. All right. So, uh why did I feel confident coming here on live stream and tell you where it's going to draw to like that? Well, we came down into the new week opening gap and noticed that the bodies did not even trade to consequent encouragement there or the wick. You see that? and we consolidated around the upper quadrant. And then right here, we failed to get down to that upper quadrant. So, we have a failed attempt to get to consequent encroachment. That's bullish in and of itself. Failed to get the upper quadrant here. Bullish in and of itself, keyed off the upper portion of the new week opening gap. And then look what it did here. Failed to get to it there. So, what is it doing? It's building some kind of a narrative that it's under accumulation. It's under accumulation. And that means we're going to build a pool of liquidity, some stops. So traders that are going to see these levels as retracements, harmonic patterns, you know, gly patterns, all this, you know, supposed zoo patterns, uh, they'll run on them. And that's what this dive down here is here. They wipe out that go down to the lower quadrant fail to get to the low of the new week opening gap and we start accumulating again. Now watch what happens. We hit the consequent encroachment upper quadrant doesn't come back to the high of the new week opening gap and starts building all this run in here. All of this is a a precursor to how we're going to trade the opening on a Monday with a new week opening gap. They've already did the damage down here. Okay? There's no reason for it to want to go lower. Precession before 9:30 Eastern time, it drops down, gives us a little bit of a retracement inside of this range here. displacement down into a pos efficiency right there rips up into the regular trading hours buy side up into the level I told you that would likely reach up into the hourly civby and in and of itself by itself creating the first few minutes just on a momentum basis start of a new day start of a new peak, that type of thing. This is one of the easiest breadandbut approaches where it's fast bias real quick. And I know some of you are going to still ask me how how could I have known or how could you have known that it was going to go up? Well, I I started off right away, right to the point, potentially viable to anticipate these levels traded to the PDAs that I teach, the PDAs that I I show you, if you're looking for indications of bullishness, bearishness, strength, or weakness underlying or get the underpinnings of the marketplace. If they fail to even trade to them while bullish and you don't see them touch them or come down to a a discount, that's huge in information insight that's beneficial. And by having that information, it allows you to say, okay, well, if I have a bias, I think it's going to go higher or go lower. And if I'm seeing these PDAs that are obvious and grading these levels that are gaps, if they're not being traded to, that's that's the price indicating to you algorithmically that, you know, we don't need to go there. We have someplace to be right now. We we're under our schedule and we don't have time to dillydally around. We got to go. And it's just like a gunshot. Boom. You're anticipating the hit and you see it right here out the gate this morning. Okay. So that's probably me not doing it correct again. Right. So um let's go back out to hourly chart just for a moment. And uh again this is again just for today's purpose only. This is about as high as I would anticipate just for the morning session. Now that doesn't mean it can't go higher. Doesn't mean it can't stop right here. It's already done enough for me. It's already done enough. And for anyone that's trying to trade the opening range, uh, this is how you can do it where you don't have to wait for a fair fair value gap where first a fair value gap. You don't I don't need that stuff. I don't need that. It's just for me to teach you as students how to find where the market will be going next and where is it going to originate that run from. And then by teaching you that skill set, it helps you build a baseline foundation as to what the market may reach for. And then I guess it's a rhyme or reason or a protocol to follow every time you sit in front of the charts because if you don't have that, you know, it's it's a waste of time and it's very frustrating. And then you what you'll do is you'll turn to other people live streaming and listen to them talk about things that have nothing to do with why price is going to go up or down and they're time wasters. So by having some models or building blocks to a model, which is what my PD arrays and my lectures build on, uh it helps formulate an approach for you as a developing trader or a new student, someone that's just curious as to what it is I do and what you as the community use learning from me. There's different levels to using the information I've shared. Obviously, there's a whole lot of depth still to be you tackled with it. But in its infancy, the things that I've taught are light years ahead of everything else. And it's very liberating when you realize that you don't need a whole lot of moving parts. You don't need to know every facet of everything I've ever taught about on this YouTube channel. It's a lot of information, but you only need a couple things. What gets you bullish? What gets you bearish? Start there. Okay? And then how to frame a narrative. If it's bullish or bearish, where's it going to reach to next? And how would price use what's already to the left? What PD arrays would it use for like a ladder rung? Okay, or I used that analogy before as a mountain climber before the mountain climber even starts, you know, ascending the cliff or the rock surface, they're already looking and mapping out potential hand holds and footholds. So, they're not up there just grabbing a hold and trying to find something next. They're they're trying to make a route to get to the zenith of that that rock surface, the top of it. They don't want to get caught in a pinch where oh no, I've climbed out here and I have nothing to reach for. So by mapping out looking at the left side of the price run, which in this case was this here, all of this is the rock surface down here and it starts to run up. Don't worry, I'll show you what these are in the lower frame. Just let me make my case for what I just said in the beginning of the live stream. it rallies up and it goes for the regular trading hours buy side and then the inefficiency low. So this is the civvy all this right here and we traded down I'm sorry we we traded down took out got sellside out here and left this inefficiency now I teach a concept called balance price range has nothing to do with market profile footprint level two nothing it's just simply looking at price action it can't hide from you so you don't have to worry about it being complicated it's always going to be in the price charts okay if you're looking at it through a timebased measurement chart like open, high, low, and close. If you start distorting your candlesticks or your ranges and start creating all these little Mickey Mouse, you gimmicks, you will not see the purity that's in the open, high, low, and close. You need to be able to see these things because it's going to highlight the very specific things that the algorithm is going to fire into, what they're going to be waiting for be before they start distributing their their longs or short. And you can argue with me all you want. I I don't really care. We're not a religious sect around here, okay? It's not a cult. You don't you don't have to believe me, okay? But the people that have subscribed to it long enough to see it in their own hands and you're never going to convince them. So that's all I'm trying to do is for you to be an independent thinker. You're not trying to support me, defend me. You're not doing any of that stuff. You're just trying to say, can I make money with this? And is it consistent? And that's all that's all that matters. So a balanced price range is any portion in price action where we have a distribution of delivery both sides and for a very simple approach to explaining that I want you to think about how this price run place in this price run we have an inefficiency right here where it's just one single candle traverse between the previous candle's high and the next candle's low. That that range between those two price points here was only distributed to on this single 1 hour candle. That's what we refer to as an inefficiency. What is it inefficient on? It's inefficient in sellside delivery because this is buyside delivery, not liquidity. It's delivery. It means the movement of one point to the next where price has traversed. In this case, it's moved higher. So, this is buyside delivery. It's inefficient in sellside side because it hasn't moved back over top of this range at all until we got over to here. But it left a small little portion right there in deference to that low and that candle's high. Now going lower or to the left in the f you had this one. I like this one because it's anchored to an order block. Why not this one? ICT. This one here because we have one, two, three down closed candles. That's all one order block. It's one single delivery of sellside delivery. Okay? It's not a gap. It's one single block of price action that moved one direction. It's opening is here. That's the change in the state of delivery that resides very close to the midpoint of this gap here. I'm in incorporating this volume imbalance, which is the difference between this candlestick's closed and this candlestick's opening. So, there's no bodies connecting here. It's just the two wicks that are joining and touching. So that's our volume imbalance. This portion of price action being delivered to the upside leaving the order block. I like that in and of itself because it's a fair value gap that's going to be utilized and more likely to be influential over price action because it has more than just simply one candlestick saying, "Hi, I'm a fair value gap." It's anchored to some other PD array, which is this order block. So it leaves it here and this portion on the upside that single one hour candle going up it's overlapped with this portion of this single 1hour candle. So between this candlesticks open and I'll draw it out for you. and over here. So between I'm saying between I'm making words up every time I come out here. I coined it. Don't use it. So the open here that's the high of the buy sign bounce sell sign efficiency. It's not a suspension block because there has to be a volume and bounce to the lower end too, not just one side. So this is a buy sign balance sell sign efficiency. This candlestick's high is the low of this bissy b I si by side imbalance. It means it's one directional. No other candle shares this range at all until we get to this candlestick right there. And notice what it's done. One single pass here and then one single pass here. So that makes this portion of price action right in here a balanced price range. What does that mean? Well, it means that if price can trade up to it, it's going to be a formidable foe in terms of allowing price to cleanly cut through that. It doesn't mean it can't because if there's a geopolitical event that takes place, something that was unexpected, then obviously you can see that there's uh, you know, very little in terms of resistance keeping price from going wherever it wants to go in extremes. But here it's a wonderful objective to reach for on the upside because how far could it traverse into this portion here? Well, you can grade this high to this balance price range low and you can get quadrants there and you can see how it eats into that. And we'll do that now. These are things I'm going to talk about in the book, but like I told you, don't buy my book. It's not for money. I'm not trying to get rich off the book, okay? Okay. And I already said that the things that I am talking about in the books are already on the YouTube channel. And this is the first time I'm revealing this. So that way you can see that it's not something I'm only going to show you in a book that you have to pay for. You don't have to do that. All right. So we'll just use the candlestick high, candlestick low, and we'll grade that here. I got all the levels and there. And all I'm doing is showing you how to grade an inefficiency between two PD arrays. There are so many things that you can study and far it out of price action when you understand how price is actually booked and what liquidity and inefficiencies mean in terms of price. There's a lot of people that say, "Oh yeah, inefficiencies ICT supposedly invented imbalances or inefficiencies." I've never said that. I've never said that at all. I'm just the only person out there that's going to teach you how to use them for for the right reasons and how to use them, you know, consistently with precision. Everybody sees these little inefficiencies and say, "Oh, yeah, look at that. It's going to come back and and overlap that area." Okay, well, that's not enough. I want to know when is it likely not to do that. When is it likely to only trade to the lowest portion of it and then sell off? When is it likely to go to half of it and stop and turn on a dime and then go lower? Or when is it going to overlap it entirely, overtake it, and then use it as a trampoline, as a discount array that sends price higher? See, nobody's talked about those things. Only I'm talking about Mr. Rogers of the futures market is doing that. So this range here from here that I'm not anchoring to this candlestick because this candlestick's uh time. It's the range the high of that candlestick is what we're framing for this portion of price action. It's balanced price range. But we can see how price dug into the lower quadrant of that range and failed to get to the middle or consequent encouragement. So until we get a close above this, the range is defined by what we have here in opening range. So this is the initial short-term high during opening range. We're entering the macro right now. So it's 9:50 a.m. And we'll see what we see in terms of uh price action. But now we have a a marker that delineates if it can take out this high and close above this halfway point that's being highlighted here at 24,736 then we would be bullish and I would only be bullish up to this candlesticks low in the lower quadrant halfway point I wouldn't be interested in only just for day purposes so in other words like PM session lunch macro you all those types of things final hour trading this is the the furthest I would expect for today not that it can't go higher if it did I would just it would just move without me. So that way it kind of explains my perspective there. So that's the business here. We're going to drop down into the one minute chart. So this is the new week opening gap range that's highlighted here with the gradient levels. And now we're going to do the same thing with range gap. So we have the opening here previous settlement. So here's midpoint. So there's usually about a 70% chance that that usually can be traded to. So half the gap by 10 o'clock. So we only have about 8 minutes left to do that. Uh I wouldn't be so demanding that it does it today. But that's always a a potential idea that I like to look for. Is there something that would support that idea? There isn't anything yet technically to support that here. But that's something that as a teaching a gap in the morning between 9:30 open and where we settled the previous day is a wonderful opportunity to study that premise. There's a there's a rhyme and reason why price does certain things, but just simply me saying it isn't enough. You have to be able to look at it yourself, measure the the importance because you've seen it happen this many times out of this many observations and and drills looking for it. So when you're looking at price action and you're grading levels and such by having levels this number of lines on a chart is a little dis disorienting for me. So what you want to do is you want to create like work workspaces on your platform. Yeah, I know Trading View does it, allows it. Um, you want to have a chart or a layout or workspace that's just simply highlighting new week opening gaps. You want to do the same thing with new day opening gaps. And you want to have one that has the opening range gap, which is previous day settlement or previous Friday settlement to Monday's 9:30 opening Eastern time or the very next trading day if it's not a Monday. And by having your charts real clean like that, it's it allows you, it only takes a second to go up in the upper right hand corner and toggle it to a new new workspace and then your one trading space. I like to tell you eventually try to look at it naked where there's nothing on your charts at all because I don't have all this stuff on my charts. These are all just levels I have written on a piece of paper. That's what's next to me here. So these levels are written down in text format that I handwritten out and shorthand like little notes what I think and that's it. And I only annotate the charts because it's helpful for you as a student watching it. All right. So um this right here 931 uh that's the minimum criteria for a first percented fair value gap. So you have to see that 931 candlestick open up and close. Once that forms, if it has a fair value gap, which in this case it does, this is the earliest you can use for as I give my son uh Caleb. I said, listen, for for rulebased principle only, first present the fair value gap, we'll just classify it as 931. It's the earliest it can form. and what that does or what it did and how I was aiming for trying to eliminate a lot of confusion for him because there's going to be some times that if you look at electronic trading hours, which is not what we're showing here because we have regular trading hours highlighted in the lower right hand corner. Sometimes when you have electronic trading hours in there, you'll see it form a fair value gap right at 9:30. And there's a lot of rules that go along with using a 9:30 fair value gap. It it's it's like a Pandora's box. if I talk about them here and I've already got y'all you know ruling as okay give us more details about that because you don't feel that there's enough already given with the 931 fair gap as being the first presented one at its earliest so it's not because I want my son Caleb to be limited in his understanding initially yes that's beneficial but I'm trying to keep him focused on the things that are so easy to follow and a lot of the extra extreme rules that come along with trading on that first one minute candlestick. Um it's it's not imperative. Okay. And honestly, if you only stick with 931 as your earliest potential first presenter fair value gap, it will yield so much more clarity and remove a lot of the uncertainty and ambiguity. Also, when watching price action, you'll just know I can trust this because these these points of reference hold up more time than they fail. That's I guess it's the easiest way of saying it. So, we have a minor buy side here. We already like I said, we we ran above higher straight from the uh opening bell. First presented fair value gap is here and they have a volume imbalance at the high end of it. Okay, so that would be first presented fair value. to center. So we have sellside side here, day session that means electronic trading hours. We have sellside formed here and we have buy side here. they would be considered minor buy side, minor sell side because it's just simply the first range that was formed inside of the first 30 minutes. And by having that reference point, what you'll be able to determine is what which one does it run for next? What's what's the benefit of that? It helps you trade the silver bullet that forms in the 10:00 hour. So, if we run up and take this out here, then what we would want to do is see it stay running towards that balance price range I showed you on the hourly chart. If it were to go above this high here and falter and break lower, then chances are they're going to probably run for the sell side. And if it's going to do that, then we have to consider the upper quadrant consequent encroachment for the opening range gap. So, it's a if then clause for like an algorithm. If price can do this, then I'm going to focus on that. While it's in the middle like this, do nothing. Don't do anything because it's already given you a run here that was profitable. minor buy side over here and that level here I had already on the chart and I told you that's where it was likely to go to and it cleared those and it's fallen short of that dynamic range measuring that inefficiency between the hourly balance price range and the low shown on that hourly chart and I did that grading that's what that says here okay so um for clarity sake and because I don't have the benefit of correcting myself after I do it because it's live. Uh, normally I was if I say something out of place, if I say, you know, if I reference a point, which I'm questioning whether or not I said that correctly about the hourly chart. So, I'm I'm annotating this here as the midpoint. So, as long as we're below this, it's likely that we'll run for the sell side and maybe try to work in towards the consequent encroachment or midpoint of the gap. That was the opening range gap. Trading above that, then the low of the balance price range on the hourly chart. The laptop I'm using here, they only last me about I don't know 18 months. I wear them out. I don't have very much memory left on this one. So, also the batteries are you fizzing out. So, I got to find the the plug for this in case it turns off on me. So, give me one second. I'm going to mute it. and so we should be okay now. Let's plug back in. So we have first visit fair value gap. It trades down into that minor buy side is isn't is in striking distance and that halfway uh measurement of consequent encouragement on that dynamic range on the hourly chart uh it's just above that here. So that would be the deciding factor. If we can take out that high, how do we use this level? Does it trade above it and close above it? If it does, then it warrants a continuation. In my opinion, it's my opinion only, then it would reach for the bounce price range to the upside. Okay? If it trades above this and fails to go here or it trades above it and wicks through it and then closes back below this candlestick's close, which would be what? The rejection block. then it would be more likely that it would reach back down into run the stops here and then the opening range gap becomes a a primary concern. But right now sticking with the the strength of opening up in the direction of the opening range gap that means where we stopped trading Friday here and where we open today. That's what the difference is. Okay, that's our opening range gap. Don't see any white off in here. Do you? New pitchforks. Jason decent. So, um, we made our way up into that consequent encroachment. And that's that that wick to the range that I measured out on the hourly chart before we uh got here. The balance price range in here looks better if it's in the right chart. Electronic trading hours. There you go. Makes much more sense now. Michael, that's something I would have edited out. So that would be me holding down control, tapping the letter M, and that makes a little marker on the timeline of the raw recordings. And that way I can go back in and fix that. Sometimes you have to do a dub over top of it, or simply just go over top of it and say it all over again, which is what I'm going to do here. So this is the high of that candle and that's the low of that inefficiency or dynamic range. This portion of the drop down, how much can it trade up into is defined by this candlestick and that candlestick. And I talked about the reasons why because this is the buy side delivery and this is the sell side delivery that makes up this balanced price range. So think of this like the I guess it's the um firmst boundary on the upside that I would see for the morning session and I would be content if it could trade there and I wouldn't have any desire to demand that it gives me more than that. Doesn't mean that it can't go higher. This means that if I were in a long, I would be content with scaling out here something something here at the upper quadrant and then definitely closing it right below that level there because many times you've seen me be be so precise that my limit order would be the high and it won't give me the exit because it simply just went to the price and didn't allow the spread to engage the limit and the liquidity purge me with somebody on the other side. So again, here is the science behind what you don't see in textbooks. Nobody else talks about these types of things. It provides you a great deal of clarity. Um it gives you a lot of u focus on what is possible and why price should act this way. And it's algorithmic. It has nothing to do with volume. There's nothing here volume-wise. There's nothing here uh footprint-wise. No level two stuff. No, you know, Gartly, harmonic, nothing Fibonacci, no ratio trading, no GAN, no her cycles, no nothing. It's just simply me showing you what this is. This is it. This is the language. This is one of those look here moments. Okay, that's what happened in the 90s. So, you can see how it's delivered. We used this new week opening gap initially, how we traded down into that there. Whenever you get a new week opening gap and it trades down and closes it ahead of the morning session as we see here it's Monday, November 24th 20 uh 2025 and that formed at 5:00 a.m. this morning. So that's 2 hours before our early pre-market session, which is 7:00 in the morning to 10:00. And that is the encapsulation of both Forex and futures trading. So the rules are there for no matter what you trade. If you're trading CFDs, if you can't trade the futures market, okay, that's fine. Trade the U 100, US 500, the US30, the dirty 30. um you can track it doing these things. So don't think that you're limited because you can't trade our markets and like we can't legally trade the CFD markets in the United States. I know people out there try to say they're making all these millions of dollars on offshore uh fake brokers. Okay, but yeah, I I just don't believe that's happening because where are they going to report their earnings from? You got to pay you got to pay taxes on that money. But these scammers, they they forget that that that's part of the the thing that people that are are financially literate know. And majority of you people out there have no idea what's going on and you just believe them because they put screenshots up with numbers. This is what I made. Big deal. Show it in the bank. They never do that. So the your trace went down into that new week opening gap here where we settled on Friday and where we opened it trades down to 3/4 of that and then rallies the three quarter mark there. See that? And we traded up, ran in the direction I gave you at the start of the stream, drove into the level I told you, and now we're underneath the condition of do we close above this? Okay, do we close above it? On the one minute chart, you can see we laid down a couple bodies. We closed above a here. We closed here. And now there's a volume imbalance with a fair value gap there and an old high that has a wick. So what we would do with something like that is you want to measure the wick. Look at this guy. He's calling this stuff before it happens in live stream. It's just random luck, folks. I promise you. I have no idea what I'm doing. I'm making it up as I go. All right. So, we would want to see the body stay in the upper portion of this wick if it remains bullish. Okay? It could be done for the morning session and then a deep retracement going into the 10:00 hour and that might be the criteria that's used for silver bullet. But here to see a sustained run up into the balance price range which is up here. I would want to see the body stay in the upper half in this blue line here. Like see this is permissible that little drop down here. But I would want to see the body stay up here and then start to resume going higher. Otherwise we would already have a scaling of partial profits here limit orders resting here and then something right above right I'm sorry not but right below that. Okay, so you saw today I came out live right out the gate told you directional bias the narrative as to why it would be utilizing that it traded to two targets actually traded how many targets I had this one here was the first one minor buy side then we have the level here from the hourly chart and then we had this minor buy side traded to and then the consequent encroach on the dynamic range on the hourly chart. So there's four targets right there. So it's filled four numbers. So you would only have about 20% of your original position on that you went long on right out the gate trading in here because it already gave you an optimal trade entry long there. So, it's already showing a willingness to lay a body down below here. So, it would need to immediately reject that and go higher or we're probably going to roll over and start trading right back down into this portion of this consolidation. And then what you would do then is measure the high to that low. Where would the equilibrium price point be in that? It's just simply taking this. So all all we're doing and it sounds complicated the first time you spend time with me. It's like how's he picking this? Why is he picking that? If you listen to what I'm doing, I'm telling you the reasons why. But that's right here is equilibrium of this range. So the last line in the sand for morning session bullishness would be um this line here. So halfway of all this consolidation, which isn't all that big of a deal because it's really just a one minute consolidation. It needs to stay above that. So in other words, it's okay if it trades all the way down there, but if it repels back above it, then we would want to consider again all the things I mentioned up here. Otherwise, if we lose this level here on a closing basis, my morning session bullishness is now pushed to the sidelines. I would be done. Meaning what? My stop loss on the position that would be long down here would be resting just below this. Now, see how that's easy? It's easy, isn't it? But now imagine this being explained to you in a book. hard, isn't it? It would take a lot of the lectures you've already sat through and listened to understand what I mean by that. So, that's why I've been pushing off writing books because they're not the best op they're not optimal for teaching, especially the degrees of precision that's required and detail. And that's why I talk a lot because there's so many things you have to weigh in whether or not is this something I would want to use right now and if not what makes it viable. What would be a catalyst that may be a problem once I enter the trade? What would be factors that would limit the potential profitability of that trade once I entered into it? What things should I be concerning myself with? and what other things aren't so important but I feel they are because of my inefficiency as a developing student because of my time doing it thus far. So it's there's a whole rhyme and reason why I do everything even when I'm trolling. So now think about it like this. We've had a run right out of the gate here at 9:30. So there's 9:30. We have first value you got. We've had four levels filled. We have sellside resting here. That was the run that took us to this level there. If we lose the middle of this consolidation always look at like this. So, this block of price action right there. And I got to change the color because it looks a little wonky like that. All right. And so this con this consolidation in price action halfway is right here. That's equilibrium. So if you ever study how price moves from trending or price swing higher then it moves into a period of consolidation like this which is how I was teaching the elements to a trade setup. That's the first lectures in the paid mentorship on the 201620 2017 playlist on my YouTube channel. That's my real paid mentorship. That's the lectures that they got. Okay? If you study that, I talk about how there's retracements, expansion, consolidation, that type of stuff. This is where markets are in consolidation and then they have an expansion run. Now, if it's going to trade back down into this consolidation, we want to see it stop at the midpoint. And I don't want you to take that as the gospel. I want you to go back and look at anything. Look at stocks, look at bonds, look at currencies, look at even crypto stuff. I I'll venture to say it's probably going to hold up there, too. Consolidations when bullish only trade down if it can even manage to get down to halfway. That's usually the halfway point sensitivity and then it resumes going in the direction it wants to go on a higher time frame basis. So having this understanding of consolidations when bullish are very sensitive in the upper quadrant or upper half just like I teach with the PD arrays the same same applica I'm sorry application I use with individual PD arrays is what you want to use at consolidations. So what are we doing? It's the same school of thought with market structure there. It's not complicated, folks. It's very, very simple things. But what you're trying to do is you're trying to learn everything in a five-minute trainer video, understand everything I'm talking about, so that way you don't feel unsure because it's complex. And for folks that don't know English, I commend you. I mean, I I've taught a lot of people or inspired rather a lot of people to learn English simply because of the stuff I'm teaching in these videos and live streams. And some of them are have become fluent English-speaking individuals. And that's awesome to me. I think that's actually more impressive than you learning how to trade because English is weird, isn't it? If you don't know what I'm talking about, watch the the comedian named Gallagher. He does he was the first one to do skits on our English language where words you would expect them to be spelled the same way just by changing one letter or not. It's crazy. Whoever sat down and made up our language is is a But, you know, it is what it is. We have uh small little gap in here and price traded down into upper quadrant of this consolidation. And look at the sensitivity there. The bodies wick down. Yes. Fairbody gap. And in this wick traded right back up to the old high which was what? What is this level here? That's that consequent encroachment of the dynamic range I gave you on the hourly chart that was between the balance price range low and the other level I anchored to on the hourly chart. I just jumped to whether or not I have everything for Thanksgiving. I'm sorry. This is the This is the perilous live streaming. My mind is jumping. Did I have Do I have everything? I'm I'm I'm under the assumption that I have everything. That's why I live stream this morning. But now I'm beginning to think I don't think I have the cranberry sauce, which I don't eat, but my daughter-in-law likes that stuff. So, I have to make sure I have that. Give me a second. I'm going to write this down. I don't know how anybody eats those cranberries. They're nasty. So, uh, anyway, while this is cooking here for a minute, I just want to take a couple minutes. I didn't want to be here long. Um, let's go to uh daily Bitcoin chart, right? All right. So, if you remember, um, 10 days ago or so, two Mondays back, I did a live stream. It was general market commentary then, and I told you that you we would be trading down into this area here on Bitcoin. And that occurred right around there, there. And then it it tanked, went lower. Um, it traded into this candlestick here. It's a down close candle. It's a bull shoulder block from the high to the opening. This changing state delivery hits that and now we're just meandering around inside here. So, it actually went further than I called for for Bitcoin. Um, I gave you all the pertinance here. the uh dollar index told you that we would be using higher prices as our expectation. And this here is defining this market maker buy model. This is a 70.5 level. If you remember that, if you don't know, watch that live stream. I spend a great deal of time just on the dollar chart, but the information I share on that dollar chart is just literally like the best information I can give in 90 minutes of time. Like it's the best the best the best. And I promise you, if you study that lecture, that live stream, you will get more from that one singular video. If you've been with me for a year or two, a year or two, foundational understanding that that live stream, I wish I wish I would have had that in the um the charter membership uh lectures, but because people were in there selling my stuff and making it available to everybody else around the world, um I I I stopped doing mentorship and because it was abused there that now now I just do it like this where it's for free and I ain't got to worry about it because everybody has it and it's somebody stupid enough to pay for it because I'm teaching it to you for free on my live streams now and YouTube videos. And you're a if you're paying for it now cuz it's literally given to you as a gift. But there's people out there that think there's no way he's he's not treating, you know, teaching behind a payw wall still. No, I'm not. I'm not doing that. I'm not doing signals. I'm not doing mentorships. I'm not selling information. I'm not doing investment ideas. Everybody that says you just DM'd me. Um, I don't ever DM anyone. I'm not on Instagram. I'm not on Discord. I'm not going to talk to you on can't remember what uh Telegram. Um, I'm not on Facebook. Uh, I'm never going to DM you on X or Twitter. I I don't do those things. But as soon as someone asks you for money and it it looks like I'm talking to you, block them because that's a that's a scammer. I don't need your money. I don't need your affiliate code to make money. I don't need to do anything, okay? I'm out here doing this for free. So, we went back through um all the pertinent details here and then look how we came down recently here. So, this was after um the live stream that I gave you. It came down to the 70.5 level and it's the lower quadrant of this sub uh this side efficiency. It's that here runs higher and then we run out the high that's formed there. There's a small little pool of liquidity right there. That would be the next point of interest for me. Uh there's no inefficiency here. And we have a volume imbalance there. So if it pumps above that high, that volume of balance right there, have that on your chart because that might be a point. That's the next area I would expect if we resume higher in price for dollar index. That's where I think it would go to next. So we have buy side there and then we have a PD right above it which is that volume imbalance cutting through candles because we're not supply and demand these guys. So we have the Euro dollar. Like I said I would I would not be trading forex right now. I just simply wouldn't. There's nothing here that is exciting. There isn't anything that stands out as this really wonderful price action. It's just really crummy. And I know some of you are just only trying to trade forex, but I would love to be able to come out and say this is what it's going to absolutely do and it's going to be easy for I don't think it's going to be like that. Uh there's a lot of people watching uh Venezuela and what's about to happen there and because we're really we're knocking on uh China's back door from a proxy perspective uh because they're bu they're building a um a relationship for their natural resources and whatnot. And we want to kind of like keep China from being able to utilize that. Plus they're real close to us by being down there and it's getting ready to pop off. So that's going to actually have a lot of reverberations in the marketplace and you can see it really in the currency markets. Currency markets are very forwardlooking like the bond market and the bond market tends to anticipate whereas the currencies when they start to contract that means something something's in the offing on the horizon and it's usually something geopolitical. Okay. And when it's free and loose and moving around, then you can sleep at night knowing that there's no risk here. It's waiting for the next shoe to drop. That means something big is about to take place. And that's why I warned you before, be careful if you're trading currencies because I would not want to be out there and have some kind of crazy wild run like the Swissy and the Euro uh DP pegging years back where it literally killed banks and institutions and traders and brokerage firms. like it was it was that bad and there was no way that you could have protected yourself from it. That's where we're at basically right now. That's why I'm telling you be careful with uh currencies and uh pound moving a lot better than the euro. So again, I just count you to go back and look at that live stream I did back then. I'm just showing you the chart here because what I said there, you're seeing it now. I said crude oil. I wouldn't be really interested in it. Um, and you can see it's it's done next to nothing. Go to sellside I mentioned there and then hammered around consolidation. So again, watch the video. You'll see what you see here is what I basically said for crude oil. Uh, gold. We have closed in this area here which I said I would prefer it to stay open. As long as it stayed open then new all-time highs would be expected. They came down closed that in. The bodies did not close below that high of that candlestick which would be the low of the bottom efficiency. So all these wicks in here look like accumulation to me. I mean I'm I'm not certain or convinced that the gold market's done going higher. Um all the things that are there for the gold market that have been going up, none of it's went away. So to me, I just think this is a nice healthy retracement. And then this is a smaller retracement before another leg higher. And you I'm welcome I welcome being, you know, wrong in that regard because I'm not long gold here. I I I'm not in this market. So I can be objective about it. I don't have any skin in the race, which makes it, you know, if you're going to listen to somebody, I guess that's probably the best one to listen to, right? Uh, I don't have anything that's going to worry me if I'm wrong, and I don't have anything to get hopped up on goofballs if I'm right. I'm just sticking to the analysis concepts that I teach all of you. And for the most part, they've done very well over the last 33 years for me. So, so I'm I'm still I'm still bullish on gold. I don't have any reason to expect it to have topped here yet. And I think I if I'm not mistaken apart from like the other indices like there's the Dow and we talked about how that was the only indicy that made the higher high in relationship to the S&P which failed to make that higher high. So we went down and took out that low there. Again go watch the recording the live stream. So it did all the things I was talking about here. Um, I told you to have this on your on your chart and it came right back up here on the day that it caused the crash and it melted down here and it just feed off of a level I anticipated and shared with you in a live stream. And then finally back into the NASDAQ and uh let's let's go into the hourly chart. So, we're consolidating. These are very, very painful days when you try to look for a move down into the opening range gap. It's very difficult to fight it when it's showing one-sidedness and everything that I've highlighted this morning was showing that one-sidedness to the upside. So it's it's very it's very difficult for me to articulate without having at least referring you to all the previous lectures I've ever talked about where it's in all of the the banter and all the monologues and all the talking points. Those are the things that I'm sharing in terms of three decades of experience. what I'm focusing on. When do I focus on certain things? When do I not focus on certain things? I don't think there's enough people out here with the level of experience, time doing it, being correct with that many times and authoring concepts that you're learning about right now. Nobody else has that authority to do that. I'm not saying there isn't profitable people out there that don't have a a good grasp on how they trade. I'm saying that if you're going to learn concepts that I call smart money concepts and the PD rays that I authored, if you're going to bother with it at all, you're cheating yourself if you are avoiding listening to everything I'm saying because I'm giving you real world examples over live price action. I'm giving you previous price runs in advance so I tell you before it happens where it's going to go and you can study it. If it doesn't work, then I'm gonna fall on my face and it fails. And then there's your there's your litmus test. I failed it. So therefore, you don't waste any time. You're not wasting any money with me, right? So you can go on and do whatever else you want to chase and and pursue as a better alternative. But it's the it's the fool's errand to try to learn this and think that not listening to all of the dry conversations when I'm referring to certain things about a model or about um pitfalls things that you know a new trader a new student they don't want to listen to that kind of stuff. When someone has real world experience and they're trying to make themselves available to you, anyone willing to listen and they're willing to talk for hours and hours and hours in a in an area where they're not even making money doing it is because they care enough to help you that are listening and try to make money and not hurt yourself financially. For someone to say, I'm not interested in learning that or this is too complicated. I promise you if you spend time, go soon as you feel that way, go stop watching everything I ever do and go do something else. If you find profitability doing that, then you've answered your own problem and you fixed your problem. You you're making money now. But I encourage everybody to go do other things and then come back when that stuff fails. And then listen to me and then you'll have some kind of a baseline to to to grow from because you already been on the other side of the fence. So now you know what I'm referring to. There's certain things out there that are just meant for you to fail doing. They're red herrings. They're things that are meant to cause you to trust them, but they have no validity in or even direct relationship as to why price goes up or down. Why it stops right there at that tick? Why does it stop right there at that time of the day? Why is it start running at that time of the day at very price level? That tick. Why is it doing it? See the the school of thought that's out there, the traditional support and resistance, you know, head and shoulders, flags, pennants, you know, expansion, uh, uh, what is it? Broadening tops and broadening bottoms, you know, Vbottoms, all the the generic stuff that's technical analysis, retail stuff. I have something that's going to attack all that. And I want you to be at least familiar with it so that way you can appreciate what I'm using and why it makes it a superior attack on it. You can make money with bare flags and bull flags. Absolutely you can. But most of the time anyone that just simply uses that as a mechanism to get into a trade, they'll see it because they want to trade versus I'm telling you to look for certain criteria before you look for a trade. Do you do you see the difference there? I'm giving you something to codify and quantify a trade setup before it actually visually appears in price action. Whereas you can't say definitively at what time a bull or bare flag is going to form. But I can tell you what time my fair value gaps are going to form. I can tell you when my breakers are going to form. I can tell you when my inversion fair value gaps are going to form. I can tell you all those things in advance. And I've done it in live streams. I've done it behind a payw wall thousands and thousands of times in front of people that would have came out here and roasted me in front of the entire internet because they would want to be the person that says I'm going to really expose ICT. He never calls it live. He never did it right. He never he never did it accurate at all. We all sat here twiddling our thumbs and he lied to us the entire time. But that never happened. It never happened. So there's a lot of things that go behind the scenes if you want to know how to trade well holistically and as a comprehensive overview of any style of trading any time frame of trading any asset class. If that's your interest and you want to have like a universal model and a universal approach to trading sit down and trade anything then listening to me and everything I've ever done that would be beneficial for you. But for people that just simply have a very short attention span, and I'm not saying that to be derogatory. I'm saying that it's normal if you're young. I had a very short attention span, too. I had to I had to train myself to do this stuff. And it was hard. It's dry information. But I created models that allow you go right in there. Very little in terms of moving parts, very little in terms of conditions. You got model 2022, optimal trade entry, silver bullet. Um, I mean, I don't know. I don't know what else to tell you. I mean, there's a way of making it easy and go right out there and start doing it. And I've seen that the folks that have basically placed the the limitations on not looking at everything I've ever taught and sticking to what I've taught about one specific model and stay with it for a little while. Not just one week or two and say, "Well, I'm not making any money or I can't pass a combine with this. You know, I can't get a payout with this because, you know, it should happen for me right away." You listen, there's people all around the world making money with the stuff I taught. people that start with it and try to make money with it the first day they watch a video. It's rare that's happening. And it's not because it's a inefficiency on the part of my concepts or me as a mentor. It's the grossly exaggerated claims that you know what you think you know before you really do. And that's an ego kick to the balls, especially if you're a guy. Females, you they don't really have that problem much unless they're just egoogmaniacs and they think they're much lovelier than they really are on social media and they're very opinionated about everyone else. That's an ugly person. But uh I didn't mean anybody by by that. I'm sure you got a visual who you think I'm referring to. But you can see here the market is reaching up and uh another scale of minor buy side here. So we had a minor buy side here. It traded to that and they left this high and we're real real real close to it. So you have to watch and measure does it want to close above this high and if it does it needs to reach and close above that quadrant. This quadrant is anchored to that hourly dynamic range below the balance price range and the low point I gave you when we were on the hourly chart. Now, I don't have the the the time or the patience to sit here and do all these different work spaces where you could be toggling through and not having everything on your chart here. I know what I'm looking at because I've done it long enough. But this might look like a whole lot of stuff that's confusing to you because if you're brand new, you're watching it for the first time or you're trying to implement this stuff. Um it can be a little daunting and confusing. It it's distracting. So by having workspaces toggling through back and forth or having your layouts have time frames that are basically the same one you're watching at the time and they have the levels on them. Like in other words, you could have a chart over here, upper right, I'm sorry, upper left hand corner, middle and lower lefthand corner that offer the gradient levels on the things I've shown here, and they wouldn't be on the tradable chart. And all you're going to do is visually look over here at the smaller charts on the same time frame you're watching here, and you're not focusing too much on like this level here. It's already used it. This here, it's already used it. Now we're in exploration and we're seeing is this going to be accepted by the marketplace. Is the outro going to stop here because we printed above it. So we didn't even get down to the equilibrium price point and we created a rotation higher used it run here ran to another higher high. So that and again what would you consider that in terms of bullish or bearishness would you consider that bullish? Of course it's considered bullish. Why? Because we couldn't even get down to the midpoint or equilibrium of this consolidation. So, the initial at the beginning of the stream, I told you focusing up to the buy side, drawing up into the levels that we've shown on the hourly chart. Pay attention, Cody. He's the first one I talked about to this morning. I sent a little short little video saying this is what we're going to do, okay? We're going to be running up here today, blah blah blah. And then I forwarded it to Caleb because I thought he was on the the text, too, but he wasn't. So, they they're the two boys that got this message today. So far we did not print at that upper quadrant from the hourly dynamic range. And what these are, okay, think of this perspective much like I showed you when we were looking at the analogy of a rock climber. When you're trying to go up in price action, it's very very easy to use the old reference points in the market that went lower to the left. All you're doing is looking for all those PD arrays and it's not classic support and resistance goobers. They're very specific elements in price action at very specific times. So by having them, you can anticipate where the footholds are going to be at in advance. And then also by putting mile markers which is all these quadrant levels are there is nothing more than just simply an opportunity to measure does the PDA exist and form at that time when it trades there at the time and at that level what the quadrant level is and how does it trade to it does it trade to it and through it and close above it like we're anticipating we wanted to see it close above that midpoint here which was on the hourly chart. So when it did that, we knew it's still bullish. Then we did what? We went to this consolidation and said the last line in the sand for morning session bullishness. Now listen goobers, okay? Cuz you guys get out here. You jack legs always come out here and talk about nonsense. He doesn't know what he's talking about. He never calls it live. He's cherrypicking. I'm literally laying this down in front of you live streamed what it should and shouldn't do. The criteria, mapping it out. This is what it should do. This is what you want to see it do. It couldn't even get down to that. So, that's bullish. Another run here. Rallies. We took this buy side out here. We're above this quadrant. We want to see this candlestick close above this. Okay? We want to see that close above it. If it does that, everything remains the same. It doesn't mean it can't collapse and trade lower. We just got it there. So now my stop loss if I was still long. Remember we were talking about how the stop would be below here. Now because we're so long in the tooth with this trade, I don't want to see it come back down and it would be just right below here. If if I got stopped out there on the remaining 20% of the original position I went long on in the 930 931 candlestick, I would be content and I wouldn't feel bad about it even if it went and ran uh ran up into that balance price range on the hourly chart. So what have I done? I've completely removed the necessity about being right. I watched price action using my concepts, not some Mickey Mouse out there, okay? Not some dead guy stuff. This is the things that I'm teaching you in this YouTube channel. You're watching it with me over my shoulder for free. It's happening as I'm outlining it. I'm giving you parameters that it should not breach this level. And as long as it does not, then we are looking for higher prices. What's the next threshold? What's the next upside objective? What's the next handhold for price action? If you're climbing higher on that rock surface, your, you know, your rock climber analogy, you have to know what you're reaching for next. Well, we're at the the only one right before the target that I had this morning. And I don't care if this thing trades to 25,000 today. I don't care. You have to know what you're willing to take and be content with and move to the sidelines and be done. If it trades here or just below that level, it would hit a proverbial limit order. Long positions for me would be completely collapsed. I could go into the rest of the day and go get my cranberries at the grocery store and feel like there's no reason for me to worry about being in the price action or even looking at my phone to see what price is doing because that means I murdered it today and I'm content with enough. The problem is is a new trader, a new young person trying to do this, you're never content. And then you're always wrestling to get in the marketplace. Even if you do find a way to make money, you're not content with it. You want to go out there and do more. Do more. I want to do something else. I'm going to do something else. Why? Who says you have to do that? Instead of saying, "I need to make more money than I did today following a plan that worked out perfectly for me," instead of being content with that, you're saying, "I want to do more of the making money. And if it means I got to do something outside of my model, then the hell with it. I'm going to do it because I can't I can't wrestle myself into submission and exercise self-control." And I promise you, that's the reason why you're blowing your accounts. That's the reason why you can't find consistency. That's the reason why you can't sleep at night and you're watching me and you're watching every other live streamer and you're watching everybody else that comes up and says they made money because you think something magical is going to happen instead of you simply reigning in yourself, focusing on the things that are boring because that's exactly what trading is. It's boring because you know what you're doing. you know what should happen and you just got to wait for it to happen in the chart. You have to wait for it. Okay? It's an appointment delivery. Your your stop loss might get hit. Your target might get hit a little bit longer than you're willing to wait for, but you have to submit yourself to that. Just like if you go to the doctors, you have an appointment time. That son of a ain't coming out and talking to you when you were supposed to be there. He's making you wait. That's why they call it the what? The waiting room. Okay? You can make all the appointments for your success and your target hitting it, okay? But the market's going to do what the market's going to do. And when you're brand new at this, you don't know what it's going to do. You don't know how you're going to react. But when you listen to someone that's been doing it for a long, long time, you can hear. You can hear the confidence, the understanding. There's no arrogance. There's no pomp. It's just Mr. Rogers. That's it. I've been here before. I know what it's doing. I know why it should do it. And if I'm wrong, I know how I'll be wrong. And if it hits that threshold, then that means it's easy for me to walk away, close the charts, and I can go do something else. I'm not going to be impulsive like a 20-year-old Michael and come back. I got to get that trade back on, or I got to make what I didn't make. I got to make it faster, and I'm going to reverse and go the other direction or I'm going to just try to do something overleveraged because I didn't feel satisfied. Wrong. That's the wrong mentality. That's absolutely the wrong mentality. But that's the that's pro that's promoted and pushed by all these 20-year-old mentors out there. And I use that word mentor very loosely because they're they're they're scammers. They're shucksters. They're bullshitters. Okay? They make a little bit of money in selling something they didn't create or even fully understand and they shuck and jive and they give you this story. They can't even call it can't even do it live. can't do but they can talk about in the left side and they can do it over top of market replay. There's no market replay here. Look, folks. Look, look here. This is This is not market replay. It's live. It's all happening live. Everybody here is watching it over the shoulder with me live. You think these candlesticks weren't doing the same stuff during the Robins Cup? You guys will buy in in any anybody tells you, it's a litmus test. Period. End the story. Litmus test. Either you know what you're doing or you don't. If I don't know what I'm doing, I sure as hell wouldn't be out here. I would not be out here. I would not even pretend to even try to do this. But do you hear any sense of doubt? Do you feel like you're listening to somebody that just made this up on the fly? It'd be interesting to hear. So anyway, now I would chase the the stop loss right up underneath that low right there and strangle the the trade. I would not let it turn on me. This is chasing and running down equity. I'm not allowing it to come back down and run back over top of this leg here. So the stop will be right below there. So it either runs in my favor or stops me out and I'm content. And then I can go to the grocery store and get the cranberry sauce so that way my daughter-in-law can eat her ridiculously nasty stuff. My sister ate that when we were little. My mom and her when I was living with my mom. It it it looks great. Looks like jell-o. It's like, "Yeah, man. I bet you that tastes really good." I grab a spoonful of that put it in my mouth, like what is that? What is that? That's like expecting to drink Pepsi as a kid, right? And then I had my grandfather's unsweetened lemon iced tea in the glass with ice. It's like, oh, as a kid, oh yeah, that's that's exactly what that's Pepsi. I'm going to grab that, drink it, and you're like, what is that? Well, that's exactly what I think cranberry sauce tastes like. It tastes like ass. So, um I know it has nothing to do with charts or or trading, but this this is the perils of doing a live stream with me. Okay? Because whatever I'm thinking about the time, that's what you're going to hear about. Have you learned anything today? I mean, you can give me some feedback on uh on X if you learned anything today. This is my uh last live stream with you for 2025. I mean it this time because I I have all the holidays start in a couple days and it was hard for me to find something for my wife and kids to do today to get out and out of the house and I could bid you all a wonderful Thanksgiving and beginning of your holiday seasons like mine is. trade says the same thing about cranberry sauce. Get Hey, if you like eating cranberry sauce, tweet it to me that you love it. If you don't like it, tell me you hate it. I want to see how many people are paying attention. Oh man, this guy talks about all the wrong stuff. He's doing a live stream. Talk about the the price action. Give me the entries. That's what they want to hear. You're not missing anything, Richard. Richard says, "I don't think I've ever ate it." You trust me, you you don't you don't have to go adventure in testing it because it's not good. I'm impressed that my sister was sold on the idea at a young age because I can't imagine how any one child could spoonful that stuff in your mouth and think, "Let me have some more of that." But yet she did and she still does today. So, you've watched 260 handles in the ENQ get mapped out live in real time with you all today using logic that I teach as real order flow. Has nothing to do with level two data. Has nothing to do with any other school of thought or any kind of rhyme or reason as to why price does this or does that. You're just looking at the candlesticks. price is going to tell you everything you need to know and all you have to do is measure whether or not it's consuming the previous range whether it be a gap or a block of price action that could be reduced down to one singular candle which is an order block. It has nothing to do with the orders just because it has the word order in it. It has nothing to do with a block of real orders you laying out there in the marketplace. It's a change in the state of delivery where markets were behaving before. Now it's doing something entirely different and it's anchored to a very specific price point and it's the opening price of a down close candle when you're bullish. Now here I want you to let you know that because my my stop would be so close to the marketplace, I could care less if it hits it here and it's a complete release from concern. But I'm okay if it were to jump up there and run into that balanced price range. So, it's a wonderful place to be in a trade because you've scaled out 80% 80% of your initial entry would be completely already booked and banked here. If you're a new trader and you're wrestling and you can't stand it, your your your skin starting to crawl and itch, now it's gone. Stopped. You stopped out in profit near the high of the run of the day. 200 almost 300 handles mapped out in front of you. Okay? There's no uncertainty. There's no complaining about why are you doing this to me NASDAQ. No prayers to NASDAQ god. Oh, please NASDAQ, please, please, please. Why you keep doing this to me? None of the nonsense you see in live streamers. The uncertainty. You don't hear any uncertainty in my voice. None. Completely content. No guesswork, no retail logic, no failure. That's what that's what I promise here. That's the stuff I promise. There's no pixie dust, okay? It's all just real world It's algorithmic. It's scientific. It's measurable. You can keep data on it and it'll talk to you and tell you that this is the that works. And anybody out there wants to say whatever they want to say, but have them come out there and map out every single candlestick like this. Every single candlestick, why it should and shouldn't do it and let it deliver just like this. That's the only litmus test that you need to concern yourself with. I promise you, they will not be able to do it. Once in a while, they might get something on a live stream because they're live stream every day and they want to champion that like at the dog and pony show. Look at what I did today. Are you consistently every day calling every single candlestick? Can you call it before it happens? Can you outline why it should and shouldn't do something? See, that's understanding. That's prowess. That is a skill set that is absolutely illustrated with proof. You can't escape it. You don't have any other recourse except for the fact that either someone's talking to me in my ear telling me to say all these things and I don't have anything in my ears to do that. I don't have any helpers here. There's nobody sitting next to me. Just me and the pups. And they last time I checked, they don't know how to trade. At any rate, um I I hope that uh between the live stream I did uh two Mondays ago and today's live stream, I hope that you have felt a deposit of insight that is beneficial and helpful to you, if not at least entertaining. But um I think that what I shared this year, while I wasn't as active as I wanted to, but because my family life and personal things and traveling, my wife wanted to go all over the place. Uh it it kind of like took precedence and I don't regret any of that. I had a wonderful time this year. Um, I can't promise that I'm going to be doing a lot next year because I'll have a grandson in the world and I'm my time is going to be focused on seeing him grow and develop and, you know, trying to get him to benefit from the fruits of this world, you know, while I'm still here. And whenever I find time to do something, I will obviously try to do it. But don't have high expectations from me next year or even going forward because I'm at that stage in my life where I'm trying to phase ICT out and I just want to be boring Michael pop. That's that's what I want. And if I find time to be able to share with you all, you know, and it's something that I feel you could benefit from, then I'll try to do it. But I think we've seen the last of the the long long long sessions and you the Twitter spaces and all that stuff. I think we've, you know, we we've turned the corner on that now. So, if you've been with me all this time and you've learned how to do this stuff and you've made a little bit of money, lots of money, or you're encouraged that you eventually will be making money, you know, I just want to give you an applause because I make this very hard for people. Not because of what I'm teaching, but I cause a lot of doubt because I don't want everybody to know how to do this. If I can be real honest with you, I don't want everyone to be able to do this because there's a lot of people in the world and you see them on the internet now. They'll blow smoke up your ass in the beginning until they can learn how to make money and then they will flip on you in a second because they think that makes their character, their image, their brand better. When I'm on that anytime, anytime I want, I can come out there and make these 20-year-olds look stupid. Poverty level. They can lease all the things they show on their social media I own all my I own everything. Everything. And nobody's got what I got. No one person out there got what I got. And I ain't got to flaunt it. I ain't got to show it. I ain't got to do anything. I live it. Just as easy. I come out here and call every one of these candlesticks and let them march to the tune I'm playing like the pi piper. You're going to go here. Okay, that's confidence. That's not arrogance. That's not conceited narcissistic. That's confidence. That's me knowing myself and knowing price action. You can do what I just did today. Outline everything in advance. Once you can do that, then you can start worrying about taking entries. Then you can start measuring the comfort level and discomfort level of holding on to the ideas in demo. And you have to do that for a couple months. You have to condition yourself. Just like when you're weight training, nobody walks out there and does 305 bench pressing right away. They don't do that. You rip your arms out, tear your pec, hurt yourself, kill yourself. You have to gradually work up to that weight over time. Grading with real money is the same way. You can't just go out there because you think you understand something I taught or somebody else that's done a five-minute trainer about what it is I talked about and you think it's equivalent or better or superior because it gets right to the point. The point is you're going to lose money doing it that way. That's the point. If you want me to get to the point, that's the point. There's a rhyme and a reason as to why I teach. I make it longer because I tuck in all the stuff that in my opinion for the jack legs and the out there that are just absolute worthless pieces of They don't deserve anything. But they take it and they market it and they run around pretending they're so smart and they spend more time showing things they bought with course sales than what they've made with real trades. To do that, they deceive you. Where am I deceiving you? I'm out here giving it to you, calling it live, explaining why it should and shouldn't do something because it's mine. I can do it. I can do I can do that. I authored it. There's no upsell. There's nothing because people have done that. Because before I did mentorship that was paid in 2016, I was just like this all the time. Free, free, free, free, free, free. What changed? people took it and started pretending it was theirs and selling it. So, I had to make shock waves in the industry and then there it is. Oh, you you said you was never going, "Yep, I know what I said." And now you're talking about me and you're talking about me to other people and they're talking about me other people and that gets my name everywhere. And what's going to happen? You're going to come here and you're going to watch me do just like this and you're like, "What the hell?" But Robin's cup. Robin's cup. That's a week. That's it. One week. One week. It's all it takes. And nobody could climb that high, Mr. Mill. But it's fun reading all that It is so fun reading that. But I'm going to wish you all a wonderful holiday season. Don't eat too much on Thanksgiving. I plan to, but then I got to go right back to KD killer diet. And then uh Christmas and New Year's do have a pleasant, warm, family oriented, Christc centered holiday season. And February 10th will be the earliest I come back. I prom I know I tease a lot. I like I like doing that uh long drawn out goodbyes on on Twitter because that gets people that aren't really there to learn running their mouth. I love it. I love it when they start talking back to me and say, "But you just said right. I know. I'm getting you to respond. It's control. It's like remote control. I can push a button and you're gonna come back and say something. But I'm going to get out of here. I had fun today. I had uh a really nice time teaching you all this year. And I believe that what you have right now is enough. You don't ever need to do anything. You don't need to buy my books. Don't buy my books. In fact, don't buy them. Don't buy them. Okay? It's simple as that. everything that's going to be in those books. Now, you have been exposed to it here. It's on the YouTube channel. It's simple. You consume the content and there it is. If you want to know where to start, start with whatever I've done recently and work backwards. That's the best way to do it. Okay? I promise you the things you're looking for to hold your interest, if you do it that way, that will that will satisfy you because you'll see me doing it in real time markets. You'll see me calling things. You'll see me calling the markets. I don't even trade like Bitcoin. I got a lot of people sending me hate mail because they think I caused the market to drop. I have no influence over Bitcoin, folks. Okay? I know you guys are crazy with crypto. It's a whole circus act of people that trade those markets, okay? And I have very, very profitable students that trade them, too. But they're not nuts, okay? They're not crazy people. They just go and they know how to trade it. They deal with it. I've never traded it and I never would. But I'm telling you the things that you have learned on this YouTube channel. I'm not taking the channel down. I'm not taking the videos down. I'm not I'm not editing anything or deleting anything. It's going to stay just like it is. And if I can find time in the future at any other time in the future. The earliest it would be is February 10th. I'm sincerely meaning what I'm saying here. I'm not trying to be funny. I'm not trying to do a joke because we're entering the holiday season and I'm not going to be on X. I'm deleting the app from my phone so that way I'm not enticed to go in and talk to goobers because I love sporting with them. So don't waste your time talking to me. You just wait till February 10th or at least February 9th. Then I'll come back on February 10th and I'll see what you said. But uh I'm I'm really just postponing my actual exit because I wanted to trade up here and hit that level so I can see um got lucky again. Look at that. Look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look at this. Look, look at this. You know, all the haters, you know, all those that like to talk make up stuff, they're fiction, their little documentaries and you know, they're punching the air right now. You know, you know who they are. The unprofitable that's been proven they're unprofitable. Look at that. Who knows what, baby? Who knows what? Who knows what? You see that, Cody? Just like that. He says so. See that, Caleb? Oh, it's fun being ICT.
