================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Advanced ICT Liquidity Concepts \ October 11, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_0Jh7HwCUI
================================================================================

Hello folks. How are you? Hope you're doing well. Welcome back. This is October 11th, 2025 and we're going to be focusing on Forex here for a moment with the usual suspects, dollar index, Euro dollar and pound dollar. All righty. On the left hand side, per usual, the daily chart, and on the right hand side, the five-minute chart. So, you can see the dollar index. Um, last time we talked, we were down in here, and I said I wanted to see it, you know, kind of give me a little bit more inspiration behind it. I told you I was expecting dollar index to go higher. I was bullish on dollar. You can check that, go back and look at the recordings. It's not ambiguous. It's rather one-sided. uh framed off of this inversion fair value gap. Then the bullish fair value gap in here and then using the consequent encouragement and quadrants of the wick in here. And then we have this inversion fair value gap with the volume imbalance the market started to rally up. Took out the buy side in here and worked inside of this sell side of balance buy side efficiency which is graded. You can see that the upper quadrant was pierced by the bodies and then on Friday we had a little bit of retracement back down into a volume imbalance. Here we have a suspension block which is a candlestick that has a volume imbalance to the high end of it and a volume imbalance to the low end of it. It need not okay for the guys out there trying to teach. You don't even know what you're doing yet. But I understand you got to get your ad revenue and sell your courses. But the uh the candlestick need not be a inefficiency. In other words, it need not have any one single pass with the candlestick. So it could have a candlestick to the left of it that was a fullbodied candle or a wick that completely overlaps the entire range between the upper and lower volume of balance. Okay? So that that's the distinguishing characteristic. This is why this PDA is a little bit different than you probably thought it was the first time I mentioned it. But anyway, we have a suspension block here. Uh the market trades from this open here down into midpoint of this range that's shaded in blue. And we trade right back down into that on Friday. Having all this information in this vicinity on the daily chart transposed over to the 5-minute chart. You can see they're on the New York open kill zone, which is 7:00 a.m. 10:00 a.m. Eastern time, always New York local time. Uh the market trades above the upper quadrant. That's this 99.368 level. You can check that there. We pierce it. We break lower and shift in market structure there and a retracement up. So you can see the 79% 62% retracement respectively. That's optimal trade entry. Uh very minimum it's got to go above the low to high. It's got to go to 50% or higher for it to be in a premium market. And that's the ICT model 2022. Okay. So, for the folks who say it doesn't work anymore, it's there every day. So, the market trades up into optimal trading trade. So, if you was just a standard flagship pattern trader that my channel was really based on in the beginning back in 2012, uh that uh that pattern is here in and of itself. We have an inversion fair value gap which is this buy side of balance sell efficiency. We we break below it leave it here and then come back in. As you see the bodies are finding resistance. Okay. So there's premium sensitivity here at the consequent encroachment of that inversion fair value gap and the market gives up the ghost and breaks aggressively lower trading through the midpoint or consequent encroachment of this inefficiency here. And it's this range from the low of this closing candle price volume bounce included up to this candlesticks low. Now I have it shaded in pink because it acts as a premium array to draw up into. Okay. So I'm not I'm not classifying it technically as an inversion fair value gap. That's why it's not orange like this here. Okay. Okay, so don't be confused by that. The orientation is when price was down here, I was expecting price to drop into it. And if you watch the older recordings, you'll see I mentioned over here and above all these buy side eventually once we get higher that it would consider that area and it it did. So it's not just hindsight, but we use that area up here as a premium rate to retrace back down into a discount array, which is this suspension block. Okay. So, you can see that that volume of bounce right here, these two black line segments, that's these two segments right here. And then the market falls out of bed, we have a breakaway gap. Uh here is for your notes. Okay? And I'll talk more about this in the books. Uh the breakaway gaps when you classify a breakaway gap, this is what your textbooks do not teach you. every classic archaic view of retail logic and trading technical analysis which is flawed by all measure. Uh the inefficiency that shows up on your chart that does not get filled back in. If it's between a quadrant level like this and another quadrant, expect that when we are, you looking for lower prices, when it breaks lower, if it leaves a quadrant like that and breaks a little bit lower, this is many time many times going to act as a breakaway gap because it's in no man's land between a quadrant and another quadrant inside the narrative and bias that the market's moving one direction. And that's how you see a properly classified ICT breakaway gap. You'll never see that illustrated or talked about anywhere when it comes to gaps. Okay? But that's how you classify a breakaway gap. Okay? The same thing can be said for measuring gaps. So a halfway point when there's a gap that is during a move if it's between a quadrant of either an inefficiency, okay, or an actual gap by a wick. Okay? So no matter how you slice it, if you're grading your price PDAs as I teach, whether it be a candlestick wick or a inefficiency in price action where it's a body that's being measured, not the wick, either way, if you're grading that price level or those price levels and you see a gap that appears between two quadrants, then it's chances are it's going to be a breakaway gap or a measuring gap. Okay? throw that in at no extra charge. You'll see it in everybody else's courses now. But the market breaks lower, trades down into that suspension block high here, which is the high of this volume of balance. Hits it there perfectly, rallies back up, finds the low here of that old inefficiency here, which is a buy side of balance, sell sign efficiency with the volume imbalance at the discount level, low end of it. So that price is at 98.898 and it hits it perfectly to the tick there. That's probably random. Working off of a volume of balance also that's not noted. Rallies up this portion of this cibby. We can grade that because it's anchored right on top of a lower quadrant level. Meaning the 75 level or lower quadrant at 99.054 054. That's this level here, which is one quarter from the low of this Pon B cell deficiency because the gap is laying over top of key key point here below inside the narrative that the market should deliver lower and it's below this inefficiency which we should expect that to be a breakaway gap. When another series of cibies form, this one we look at it as staying open or we want to see it remain unfilled. Can it come up and trade into it a little bit? Sure. But we expect some measure from its halfway point to the high of it. That portion should likely stay open unfilled here. The this cibby from this candlestick's low and this candlestick's high. That's denoted with these red trend line segments. We can grade that and the bodies are stopping right at the midpoint, which is exactly what you want to see when the market's bearish. It's showing you premium sensitivity. It's not support and resistance. It's reacting to half of this inefficiencies range. Even though there's a little wick there, the wick didn't even touch the upper quadrant. The bodies are staying at the halfway point indicating what as I taught in mentorship. This is heaviness algorithmically. It's indicating tipping its hand to you the market will want to seek a deeper discount. What would that be? Below that low and it trades down to the lower quadrant. I'm sorry, lower level of this volume imbalance which is candlesticks close on this right here. Okay. And we have a volume of balance there. trades up into before it gives up the ghost inversion fair value gap right here as well. Trading at its consequent encroachment halfway point breaks comes right back up into a volume of balance trades lower quadrant perfect delivery and trades down to volume balance on the daily chart right there. So all in all just a really good technical uh Friday. Moving on to Euro Dollar, uh just pretty much the opposite. We can see their sellside liquidity here. They tapped into that during New York opening kill zone 7 o'clock to 10 o'clock in the morning Eastern time. Always New York local time. We have the ICT model 2022 low high 62 to 79% retracement level. You can find that on your own charts here. But we have a inversion fair value. This CBI changes its characteristic when we trade above it. We come back down in the wicks are digging down but we don't get to the low here. The bodies are staying close to what consequent encouragement. It rallies up uses as the discount sensitivity and then rallies away. All these wicks converging around this level here at 1.1574. That's this old candlesticks low which is being graded. Okay. Why am I picking this one? Because it's lower than this one and it's lower than that one. So, it's the longest lowest reaching when price was dropping down. And below that, we have this spots on a bounce also on efficiency and we trade into that right here. Okay, which is not being shown in the chart because it's during Thursday's trading. Friday's trading had a higher low. That low being at the upper quadrant of this wick. Why am I using this wick? Because it's lower than this wick and it's lower than that wick. and this wick is lower than that one. So, it's not a just ambiguous changing rule based idea where it's just willy-nilly cherry-picking. It's not cherry-picking. It's very specific rules in all this price action in here. Where's the lowest reaching wick? This one. It's pretty obvious, isn't it? Look at all of them. This one here, this one's being graded because it's lower than this one is lower than this one. And it dug into this inefficiency that's shaded in blue. So if it's going to trade down lower, we have to consider this wick before we even consider this low being taken out and trading to consequent corrosion of this pos balance sell sign efficiency. And yes, that's why this is titled ICT advanced liquidity concepts. It's not baby pips. It's not elementary school. It's not classic you nonsense technical analysis concepts that archaic and nobody and nobody should have any faith in any of that stuff. Okay, this is technical sciences. It's it's a different degree of precision. So Friday we can see we're using this discount wick and the levels there you can see them being used over here. So the low of that wick there right on here it launches from there trades above the quadrant lower quadrant and then tears off. So this portion down here that would be what? That would be a breakaway gap. This would be a standard B cell deficiency or busy. You can grade this one and you can get down here to the lower quadrant. The body's respecting that as well. We trade up into the upper quadrant at 1.16220 of this discount wick. Because why am I looking at that? Because it was a discount array when we were trading lower and now when we were below it, it's going to act as what? It's going to change its characteristic to a premium array. So if you're going to grade it like a gap, you have to have these levels in mind and it trades up into that as well. You might want to take on your own study. I didn't do it here for you, but you want to take this high down to that low and duplicate that range and project it up and you'll get pretty much this area in here. Okay. So, I'll uh Larry Williams target shooter ideas from his old classic 4H 4VHs tape futures millionaires confidential trading course I think is what it was. I always butcher the name of it up. It's old age folks. But uh anyway the buy side balance sell side efficiency here almost complete closure we have a inversion fair that's not noted and it's traded down to its low here rallies up then the consequent encroachment accumulates once more and then starts to send a little bit higher we have a minor buyside liquidity there so we'll see what we get on uh Sunday's trading so if you can get any moving higher right moving on to pound dollar uh we talked about this gap here and I talked about the quadrants on these wicks. So you can see what happens after that. Right down she went tearing into this candlesticks premium wick upper quadrant consequent encroachment in red. So this wick is the lower of this one inside of this portion of price action. So this low this area in here that's the lowest one. Lowest reaching wick is this one here. So you're going to grade that one and we cut through candles because we are not flawed logic of supply and demand. Okay? So we're going to ignore this range here because the algorithm is going to see past us this and go right back to this inefficiency. Why? Because this level of wicking is treated like a gap and a gap is reused even after the gap has been filled and it would be considered filled with this drop down. It went below that low. But the algorithm is not going to just toss the baby out with a bath water. It's going to refer back to that reference point. So, we cut through looking through time here. And the question is coming up a lot in my comment section of my videos and sometimes you may see it on the X posts I put on. How long do I keep PDAs graded on my charts? Well, if you remember how I first started teaching in 2016, the paid mentorship portion of lectures, I taught the IPA data ranges 20, 40, and 60. So, you can go back as far as 60 days. And they're just as, you know, salient 60 days ago than they are just yesterday. And that in itself proves algorithmic sensitivity that there is a reference to time referring back to old very specific levels where now contrast that with classic support and resistance. You don't know what high or low the market's going to use. You don't know that. I do. And I repeatedly show it over and over again. And the point is, it's something that you can learn. Don't resist it. Don't fight against it. Just be thankful that it's being made available to you and you can study it for free. And the more time you put into studying it and documenting your observations, tape reading, back testing, logging old price moves, and marking them up like this. By repetition, you'll start seeing these same signatures over and over and over again. In the beginning, when I first started creating this language, I had to do these types of things to create the very language that you're learning. So, we have a high, low, higher, high. Everybody knows that that is my bearish breaker. But what happens when the market is bullish and it trades above it? It's going to treat it as an inversion breaker. Every PDA has an inversion aspect. It's not inverted, okay? It's inversion. So we use the consequent encouragement or mean threshold rather of that last down candle which is the bearish breaker. But now it's going to act as what? A bullish PDA. So you can see the body stopping dead on the midpoint mean threshold there. And then we had the opening right at that same price. It rallies up. The next candlestick we drop down to it once more. See there's discount sensitivity there. Rallies and then the candlestick opens right at the high of that candlesticks high and then digs into a little bit and then rallies aggressively creating what? A breakaway gap clearing this high. Now when you see these types of things you'll see Yahoo say, "Well, this is the fairway gap that I'm really interested in." Let me tell you something. If these form after you have a a breakout of price action during a consolidation, I never want to see these traded back into if it has the willingness to come back down into that and fill that in. That's not strength to me. Order flow, real order flow, algorithmic order flow is when there's an inefficiency after discovery, which is leaving this range here, taking this high out. When we do this, we want to see price keep that open. If this stays open, as long as this remains open, we have a bullish order flow. We do not anticipate market coming back down and closing and then then going higher because if it goes down and closes that in, I am not all that bullish. Then can it do it? Yes, it can. But it's more problematic if it does for continued price action higher. You want to see the indication that yes, there was an explosive price action move higher. It created an inefficiency, but the market is so overzealous to move higher. It need not even concern itself with coming back down in here offering a discount to people that would see what classic support, resistance, break, and retest. That's the trash perspective. That's garbage. Okay? If you're if you're stuck looking at the market like that, you're going to never really understand why these markets book higher and lower. You're you're never going to understand it because you're looking at convoluted nonsense to justify an ends to a mean that that doesn't have any connection. There's no there's no affinity for these things algorithmically. It's not there. But when you start studying price in the lens in the language I'm share sharing with you, you'll get more clarity and you don't have to like me. You don't have to, you know, you don't have to champion my name. It's not what this is about. This is about you learning how to do this so that way you can eat better and take care of your family better. Okay? I could care less if you like me. But this is a breakaway gap because it's taking out this high and then we are entering discovery. That means it's going to discover how much it can move and still allow traders to keep buying it. That's not buying pressure. It just keeps offering higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. It need not be a lot of contracts or lots in deference to the forex market of or shares. If it's a stock, it need not be a whole lot. It only needs one unit, one transaction to print that price. And all of this price run in here is used to then weigh on the sentiment of market participants because at at this point down here they may have seen this as a bare flag got real heavy and thinking wow it's really going to go lower then it starts to consolidate and then we start to move higher and they don't know what to do with it and then when these highs get taken out here then all the Johnny come lately pile in saying well we always knew it was going to go higher and we're going to buy out on a breakout and they're thinking, you know, they're they're buying strength, but they're chasing where's their stop loss going to be in all that price run. It's too big, too high. Okay, so the market trades up into the consequent encroachment level here of this wick, discount wick at 1.33637. And you can see that level here. And you can do a measured move type thing here. The same range from this high down to that low. Duplicate that and send it up here. And you'll pretty much get the the bulk of where the bodies are are converging right there. So there's uh three model 2022 scenarios panning out. And here is the portion where we talk about index futures. So for Friday's Christmas mini and QQ futures over here on the left hand side we have a daily chart and the five minute chart for at present or NQ and I'm showcasing it in the regular trading hours time and I'm showing October 2nd. Okay. Uh, if you recall, I was talking about and mentioned on X how, if I'm not mistaken, I think it's the October 1st live stream I did where I basically called the low, how it was forming, showed you the liquidity that was available, showed you exactly when all the sell side was absorbed, and then the market was going to be permitted to trade higher, and even told you it could create all-time new all-time highs. It did all those things. But the point is I was teaching you to take the regular trading hours opening range gaps and those quadrants that form and project them in the future. At the very minimum, if you're a little intimidated by what I said earlier about having my PD rays back as far as 60 days, I know some of you pundits out there are going to be, you know, chomping it a bit and you're probably already typing it out in the comment section of this video. And you're welcome to say anything on your last day. I if it's silliness, I just, you know, broom me. I don't ever see you again. But the uh the concept will probably be something like that or the con comment will be something like this. If you have enough of these lines on there, of course, it's going to hit something. But the problem is is I point to the ones that it goes to and then my trades are off of those levels. So it it's a matter of experience. And what you're going to discover is the ones that are so obvious and they converge and lay over top of or very very close proximity to another supporting PD array whether it be an inefficiency or a gap like the wicks. If it's laying on top of a quadrant level like that and it's also time anchored if it's time for it to move it's at a a session open. It's during the first 30 minutes of the opening range or it is inside of a macro time. Man, you have a loaded deal. And I don't want you to believe me because I said so. I know when I say something, the community says, "Wow, if ICT says this, I'm just going to take that and just go with it." Don't. Don't do that. You're robbing yourself the opportunity to feel the confidence that you know that you know that you know. It's not good enough for you to know that ICT knows. It's good only in your hands if you know that you know that you know. And you can only get that confidence by seeing it in your own hands. Go into your own charts and then tape read it. Not trade it yet. Tape read it. Watch and observe and you'll see the market is absolutely doing what I told you it would do. And it's not just doing it once in a while. Right now, the internet's a buzz. Oh, where did this sell off come from? Nobody saw this coming. Oh, a gasp. Come on. Seriously. Listen. Okay. I've already I've already um what is it? Blocked. Okay. I'm a I got the banhammer block um bionic thumb. You this fall here. I I have no time for people that are silly, stupid, or just ignorant. And here here's here's what you have to understand. Number one, you're not entitled to know anything from me in advance. I'm out here doing this because I like to do it. I'm not selling you anything. I'm not a course seller, okay? I'm not collecting any money from you. I'm not asking for your PayPal. I'm not asking for your credit card payments. I'm not doing any of that stuff. Have you noticed that? Have you noticed it? Yeah. But there's a lot of people out there that are shilling my stuff and I still don't stop. Why? Because you're not learning correctly from them. You're just getting crumbs from my table over here. I'm serving fresh all the time. And I want you to understand something. While I did give advice to the average viewer that you as an inexperienced individual, you should never ever ever entertain the idea of trying to pick a top in the marketplace. It's a fool's errand. It is simply something that's going to hurt you more than it will help you. Okay? And when I was a 20-year-old, when I was first learning about the markets, I thought that it was possible to do it. I thought Larry Williams was selling the high tick and buying the bottom tick all the time. He was my hero. I figured that's how he did it. 10,000 to a million dollars in a year. And it's not anything like that. So, what I'm about to divulge to you is 20 years. Okay, I've been doing this for 33 years, but it was 20 years of experience that led to this observation and realization. And prior to those 20 years bringing me to this point of perspective, I hurt myself a lot. I I just felt like I was way better than I really was. And I kept trying to fulfill this idea I had in my mind where I can pick the tops. I can do it. I I just had to tweak a little bit of this and tweak a little bit of that. Well, it just so happens that, you know, I was on vacation with my wife just this past week. We went to Cape Cod and we stayed at U Bar Harbor in Maine. Now, I know some of you this get you don't want me to talk like this because I I go on and on and you say I'm annoying and I that's okay. I don't want you as a student. Get the hell out of here. The point is this. We were coming home and I was watching NASDAQ all week and I told my wife, I said, "Listen, this thing's going to dump and trade down a lot. It's Friday. They have worked in so much staging for shorts, for smart money, and I'll explain what that is in a moment. And my wife looked at me and she's like, "Okay, what's that to me?" I don't care. That's what I said. Let me tell you something. This kind of move can pay for Christmas and this vacation and everything. Like that's how big this thing's going to move. Well, my wife's never impressed by this because she she still thinks it's a a video game. It doesn't matter how much money you ever make. The point is it's still a video game to her. So, she thinks like a lady that is not interested. And that's not a knock against her or anything. It's just she's remained consistent the entire time we've been together. So just understand this gentlemen. If your wife is not impressed by your success doing this, don't feel bad. You're you're you're among good company. Okay? Trust me when I tell you that. So let's talk about how I expected this measure of retracement but was surprised that it happened in one day. like it was a lot of movement in one day. I expected this to kind of like bleed over into next week and it still might do that, but it just really overd delivered. And I want you to go back to again the post I was making about Thursday, October 2nd, and I told you to take those levels. The apt student would carry those over into the the right side of their chart and keep keep extending them to the right. I'm going to kind of like break that down and decode that for you. I'm going to remove the mystic the mystery and and mysticism around why I was talking about it. If you go to your daily chart and we had our old all-time high here, okay, they formed as relative equal highs. This high being slightly lower than that one. So that classifies this as a high probability candidate for a run on liquidity. It's less likely when the right side is higher than the left because we've already done the damage there by running the wick of this candlestick. So, we created this short-term all-time high and we traded lower. Okay? And you can look at your daily chart and we'll see it in a moment when I show the bigger portion of this. But for now, don't look at chart yet. Just follow along with this one. And then we had this candlestick here. We pierced it, but look, we only pierced it with a wick. That's not meaningful to me. It's insignificant. It's unfinished business still above this candlestick high. So on this day here, we have October 2nd. The market creates this open. We trade down and we rally up here and then come off the high right there. The this day October 2nd regular trading hours opening range gap. That's what this five minute chart has been showcasing. Okay. So these levels here are what I was referring to. They need to be carried into the future. Why did I say that? Why not any other being specifically mentioned? I said in the October 1st that you should look back over the last three days. Always. If you have opening range level quadrants on your chart, go back over the last three days and include them. So technically you're going to have whatever the trading day that you're trading that opening range gap if there is one in its quadrants and then one two three days ago. So what do you have in your charts technically four opening range gaps and their respective quadrants. So when I say you have to have three on there, it's not just three sets of opening range quadrants. today's trading day and whatever opening range gap quadrants there may be associated with it and then yesterday the day before it and the day before it and you have to go back into the previous week if you're looking at like say for instance on Monday you'll go back to Friday Thursday and Wednesday of the previous week if there's a holiday you're going to skip over that and just go to the market day that uh price was permitted to trade in this Today we have a body left above the previous all-time highs. This right here is much more meaningful. So this day's opening range gap is going to be highly highly significant. That's why I told you to carry it and go forward projecting it forward. And you'll look at all these days here and you'll see those levels which are these levels here. They're being used by the algorithm that you don't believe exists. But everybody knows about opening range gaps. It's always been a thing ICT. I didn't say I invented a gap opening. I didn't say that. I just created a language how you can take advantage of it and trade precision entries and exits and scale in build your positions larger trail your stop loss appropriately and properly. That's what I promise to teach. Nobody else does that. Now, they might have interpretations, but they don't have it like I got it. And these levels are what you should have on your chart. And this is a video where you want to probably pause this video right here. Go and get your levels on the opening range gap for October 2nd. Okay? And then study the third, the fourth, fifth, you know, so on until we made this high up here. Notice how it was used all in this area here. And you're going to see that there's a lot of wonderful confirmations, setups, stop-loss management ideas that could have been utilized and implemented. Lots of scalps, lots of wonderful scalps. And I teased even while I was away that look at this. Even today, it still used the upper quadrant. Even then, it used this, it used that. because I'm I'm poking and I'm proddding you to consider this information because it's not contrived. It's not random. It's not made up. It's not borrowed logic from anything else. Okay? It's my life's work. So, the candlestick that left a body above old time all-time highs, this logic also works when it's not trading all-time highs. But I've learned 20 years into my career that this is something that tends to repeat at all-time highs. Now, I've only had a few instances in certain markets to see all-time highs form. I've only been around for 53 years, but in my 53 years on this spinning rock, that's a sphere, not a flat surface. By the way, flat earth, you're wrong. the idea of a body being left above that old all-time high. This could be still used if it's just a old market high. If you're looking for the market to trade above an old all-time high, it's this logic and any old high where we look at this candlestick, it leaves a body above it. Whereas, by contrast, this one only wicks above it by a little bit. So, I want you to understand there's a significant departure from just simply going above it price-wise and then leaving the body above it. Okay, this is much more salient and more information being indicating that the algorithm will now utilize that candlestick's opening range gap levels and that's these levels here. Okay, I also show this uh lower quadrant here. You'll see this in the chart uh slides as I go forward. It's perfect position here. Why am I picking this one? Because it's the highest one in this swing high lower quadrant. Trades it, hits it perfectly, and sells off on that day of October 2nd, 2025. But now watch what happens. I want you to pay attention to the daily chart over here. We have a buy sign on a balance sell efficiency volume of bounce toward the discount end of that bissy and it's candlesticks low as the high graded. Here's the upper quadrant. consequent encroachment lower quadrant and then the low. This portion here of that blue box is being shown right down here. The buy side equity pool here is this blue line right there. So that way we can track everything. Thursday regular trading hours opening range gap lower quadrant. This is the opening range gap low on that Thursday. That's this black line here. Consequent encroachment of Tuesday, October 2nd opening range gap. Here's the upper quadrant. And here's the high of Thursday's opening range gap. High. That's what's being shown here. Okay. over here. This candlestick here on the 2nd of October has a little arrow above it. That closing price. Okay. Everything I'm saying here when you're looking at markets trading at lows that you anticipate trading below an old low and looking for accumulation to go higher, you're going to reverse everything I'm saying here. But for now, I'm focusing on how we can not predict. I'm not trying to promise you're going to be able to call the high in the marketplace. I didn't get at the high, but I'm showcasing how you can see real accumulation and real distribution in the marketplace. Okay? Bodies left above old highs right there. that closing price. As soon as that day closes and a new one opens here, that price right there and anything above it, smart money will start staging shorts. If we're making an all-time high or if we're making a long-term high or a significant intermediate term high and we expect to see a a decline that's tradable, you want to reference in the market when it's bullish. If you're anticipating a turnaround, you want to indicate every up close price, the the closing price. That's what I'm indicating here. So October 2nd, 2025, this price is what's being indicated, which now appears here on this chart. So everything at that price and above, smart money is looking for PD arrays to get short on. They're running out old highs, selling into that. They're selling into that. They're building large portions because they have to act like a commercial trader does in commodities. They enter early. When big positions are uh sought after, they start putting in positions early. Where do they and how do they do that? Everything above this closing price, anything above that price is going to be chased by what? Retail. But when they're buying it, smart money is selling to them as they buy. So at this point here and above to this candlestick here, all this is where smart money is accumulating swing trading perspective that kind like like a duration of time, not a day trade. In other words, they're staging in that range shorts. And then we get this day. We have a higher close price than the previous one. See that? So now above that price and higher up to here, Smart Money is looking for PDAs, old highs to sell into when it goes above it or trading back up into premium arrays. They're selling short inside that area. And then finally, we have this closing price here. So, we have one, two, three stages of smart money shorting. They're staging their short positions. As the market's going higher, they're feeding that buy liquidity to the people that want to chase price higher. They keep Oh, it's going to keep going higher. You can see what they're doing with the candlestick wicks. See that? Yeah, we were here at this highest point here, but we closed down here. Yeah, we were high up here, but we closed right here. We were high up here, but we closed way down here. We We are high here, but we closed right there. That's distribution of longs and accumulation of shorts by Smart Money. Now, this is not a one-time video and you understand it. Please, young men, do not go out there and pretend. Did you understand what I just said? It's going to take you a little bit of time studying your own charts and studying what price action is doing when it does these types of things. But do not think like this only with all-time highs. Every time the market creates intermediate term or long-term highs, it does these same things. It does these same things. But at all-time highs, you want to see an all-time high form and then a deep retracement and then it gets taken out and then start looking for these types of scenarios. Okay. So here we have this portion here at this candlesticks closing price and anything above it they're going to be utilizing premium arrays and selling short above old highs because they have deep pockets because they are essentially agents of the market where they're literally privy to certain things. They don't have to have the same concerns that you have to have. You want to trade big positions, very, very small stop- losses. They don't need to worry about that type of stuff because they're not overleveraging. They're scaling in. They're scaling in. They're scaling in. Now, time element. It's Friday. We're at all-time highs on Thursday. We open up on Friday. We trade up into that Thursday high. and we grade that. Okay, upper quadrant's pierced, but we can't get to the high of it. And we trade lower. As it starts to trade lower, everybody's talking about the comment that Trump made about the 100% tariff on China. And that news is the justification. It's the excuse. It's the the news moved the market. Trump's moving the market. Trump is not moving the market. I promise you, this guy is looked at as some kind of messiah. He ain't. The bottom line is this. It is not what he says, it's what the market's doing before he speaks. And then all the excuse, all the blame, all the well, that's the reason why that retail can see it. And that helps them sleep at night knowing that their trend lines didn't work or their moving average crossovers didn't work anymore or their divergences or their indicators didn't avail them a win. It didn't communicate any clarity to them. So, it makes perfect sense that it's mean old Trump. He manipulated the market because he said this when I'm going to show you it's not that at all. But it makes perfect sense to a neophite. It's a perfect blame game for someone that doesn't know how these markets operate and how they book price. It's a perfect excuse for them not to know why it didn't indicate before it was going to go down. It's a perfect excuse for someone that's weak-minded, that's insecure as a young man on social media that doesn't want to listen to someone with 33 years of experience that literally does it, that went out there on live stream and told you beforehand this is what it was going to do and it did it to the tick. You have a choice. You can listen to me or you can not listen to me. But why waste your time if you're not going to listen? Because I'm not going to fail at this. I'm not going to fail. I keep making more millionaires, more successful students. And I talk about it as it happens. I talk about it before it happens. I explain it in detail why it will repeat in the future. So that way you can do it, not just, "Wow, he did that. He did this. He can do that." It's not about me. Take me out of this. Take you and put you in it. Can you see yourself doing this? You will never be able to do it unless you stop listening to fools and you roll your sleeves up and you do your own due diligence and study it, back test it, look at old price moves. So, let's move a little bit forward now. So, we jump ahead and we're looking at Tuesday price action. We open up higher again. This uh is a five-minute chart on NASDAQ. Usually I show like a one minute chart, but for the sake of sizing and showing more data, I'm using the five-minute chart. We have a small gap in here. So, it's regular trading hours being shown. And the idea is that we see it trade lower above that this closing price. So, we we use that price here. So, there's discount sensitivity. It rallies above previous high here. So what's above that buy side? So they're selling into that. They're selling into that. We come back down into that October 6 closing price. Then we have a gap opening higher. We rally above previous high. Then we sell off. Small little civian here. Sells off and trades down into what? Thursday's regular trading hours opening range gap low. That's this dark line right here. You'll see it annotated in a moment. Here's the lower quadrant. Here's consequent encouragement. Here's the upper quadrant. Here's the high of it, which is the opening price on Thursday, October 2nd. So, don't be confused with these annotations. I'm referring to only October 2nd. Why? Because it was the candlestick that had the body that was left above the previous all-time high when it formed and then retraced away from it. Really, really important. And you're going to need to watch and listen to this video a few times, but then go back and look at your old price moves. It doesn't need to be all-time highs, and you'll see exactly what I'm saying is the truth. And there has never been ever ever never ever ever ever been another author, teacher, educator, trader that ever talked about it, shared it, or ever communicated, or even hinted at it. Not one time in history ever in print, video format, or audible. And that's the truth. And today, October 11, 2025, good old Michael J. Huddleston, ICT, inner circle trader, is giving it to you for free. Why? Because I don't need your effing money. I don't need it. I don't need your money. And for some of you, that just pisses you off because you want to be able to say, "I got a shill. I got to get my bills paid. And I'm out here giving it for free over and over and over again. I'm like the candyman." And guess what they say about the candyman? The candyman can I can here look at the levels it's using the upper quadrant here hits it sells off lower than that it's the consequent encroachment level look at the body respecting it there and trades down to lower quadrant and then to the low of it this is literally five days after October 2nd why is the price respecting these levels Find that in support and resistance theory. It's not going to be found. Find it in white. It's not going to be found. Supply and demand. Find it. It will not be found. It's not an Elliot wave. Pitchforks ain't nowhere near to be seen. Moving average crossovers. Nope. No flags. No penants. No regression channels. None of that nonsense. No harmonic patterns. No animal patterns, zoo patterns, none of that stuff. It's a simple grading of very specific generic ideas when you understand the market's algorithmically delivered. It's a very simplistic approach to understanding why price is going to do what it's going to do and when it should do it. when look at the times when price is hitting these levels. There's the epiphany. You're going to love it. But if you're never looking for it, it goes under the radar. And that's why every Tom Dick and Harry and Jane Doe educator never noticed it before because they don't believe there's a central algorithm that runs everything. They believe it's buying and selling pressures. Therefore, it must be random. It's a randomly evenly distributed random act of chaos of buying and selling. We all are doing auction theory. No, you're not. No, you're not. You're following a Judas either to slaughter or you soon will be. That's what retail is doing. And that's all they're ever doing. But they're given all this wonderful distractions to be able to classify and say, "I'm smart because I know this trading model. I'm using this trading approach. I'm using this indicator and this school of thought and I use this guy because he wrote books about this or this person made this or this person won a contest using this or therefore it must validate it and it doesn't hold water." Like I said, you can flip a coin buy and heads short on tails if you use sound money management and don't overleverage or overtrade. you can make money. It doesn't sound like it's possible to the neophite, to the uninitiated, to someone that has no idea what's going on. There's no way that that could possibly happen, but yet it does. But what will happen is someone will bring their own twist to it. They can't follow those rules. They got to well the last time I looked at this price like this and the last time I got in a fight with my spouse and last time I had gout and last time I had athletes foot and last time my back was aching and elbow hurt. I had tennis elbow. I had this and I had that. You know the market did this and the other thing happened. You bring in human failed logic and it's what people do all the time. I can give you literally enigma. I can give it to you and you'll lose money with it. Not because it's not perfect, but because you want to make something in your own hands with it. You want to say you found something, you discovered something, you want to be authenticated because you contributed something. And that's the big thing right now. And a lot of you young people just need to be thankful that you're even learning it. Not enigma, but how the markets actually book. There's so many of you out there that simply can't give honor to whom it's due. That's God. Because that's who gave it to me. That's who gave it to me. So keep shelling. Keep doing all that nonsense you're doing because nobody's going to remember your name. Nobody's going to remember your name. They might see you right now talking in the language that I gave you, but they're not going to remember you. You got suckers on the on the the meal ride right now paying you. But that's going to dry up. And when it does, nobody will remember you. Nobody will. And that's going to hurt. It's going to ache cuz that's what you really want. Cuz money is easy. Money's it's fleeting. You get it, you got it, you spend it, it's gone. But for all you out there that are selling and marketing and trying to make a name for yourself, you want legacy. You want legendary status. I don't want it. I don't want it. But you're never going to get it. You're never going to get it. >> It's delicious. Actually, moving forward here, we have Wednesday, October 8th. Now, we're above the October 6th closing price. That's over here. All these wicks, we're seeing that form in here. So everything in this price run up here. Again, every time price runs above this high there, Smart Money is staging. They're adding to their short position. This high here, as it trades above it, they're adding to their short position here. This high, as it trades above it, they're shorting more up here, they're shorting. What is this? It's an inversion fair gap. Price breaks that low, trades down. There's your short inside of another fair value gap there. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful delivery there. Trades back down. What's it trade down to? Tuesday, October 2nd, 2025, regular trading hours, opening price. That's the high of that opening range gap on October 2nd. Hits it and what does it do? Stop. It flirts just below it a little bit with the wicks and then rallies away. Why is it using that level? If the algorithm doesn't exist, why is it using now something six days old? The data has already been used. It's already been referred to. It's already closed its gap. Here's the third. It traded down and and threw it. So why is it still using it? Everybody knows about GAPS. this guy. ICT, what a fraud. He's rebranding. Uh, no. I'm trailblazing. And you're all having the wonderful opportunity to watch it as it happens. You're all having a GAN moment. You're all watching a Livermore moment. That's not ego. It's just simple facts. And now here we are. Here we are. Dday. Here it is the market on the 9th. Here's Thursday creating the high. Okay, we have the market trading in an area where the October closing price here on the ETH the 9th we open, we rally up in this little portion of price action in here. All this that's being graded up here. You can see those levels here at 25,393. even that's this candlestick's high. Okay. So it's pre over here previous looking at it the bodies are stopping rate of consequent encroachment right here and we're above buy side on this swing high here deep retracement. It trades down into what I tell you Thursday's regular trading hours opening price. So that was the high of the opening range gap on Thursday October 2nd. The only reason why we're constantly keeping these levels on our chart is because on the daily chart, it was October 2nd that left the higher bodied closing price above the previous swing high that made all-time highs. Carry that over into when you're not trading all-time highs, just using it for market structure purposes. When you're trading above an old high and you're expecting a long-term or intermediate term high to form, you're using the same logic. It just works more frequently because it's rare that the markets that you're trading are at all-time highs. It takes a lot of time to get to these all-time highs in markets. So, here we have it. So, point is the market's already indicating it's tipping its hand. the bodies are not able to close above consequent encroachment of the ninth price action. So when we start trading on the 10th here, it's it's faltering. It's failing. It can't muster up the strength to get into a run to make a higher all-time high. And we've had three stages of smart money shorting. This price that is too far to the left is the old buy side. It trades above it here. That's your first indication that we laid down a body and a closing price at a all-time high. Above a old all-time high that was a swing high. So here's a stage one. Here's stage two and stage three. Anything above those closing prices, smart money is putting in shorts. They're selling. They're selling to the public. They're selling to money chasers, the Johnny come lately, the breakout artists, the Instagram traders, the Tik Tok traders, the YouTubers. They're buying on breakouts. They're buying strength. They think it's going to go to the moon. All this is it's going to the moon. It's going to the moon. Just like Bitcoin, it's going to the moon. It's going to the moon. doesn't market trades right back above right in here above buy side here and taps October 8th 2025's closing price after just a hair pierce above And then it happens inversion fairway. I got small little invol um volume and bounce in here. You'll check your price to see it. It's very small but it's there. Market trades up. It's all out of bed. three stages of smart money selling above an all-time high indicated by failure by the body's not making any headway above consequent encouragement. If it would have been above it then we might have to make a higher high but it's not. And I taught you this. I taught you this. This is how you read orderflow. It's not level two nonsense where you're looking at numbers and attribute that to some kind of prognostication for the future. It has nothing to do with it because there's orders above and below. That ladder is not going to be helpful in terms of direction. It's your in private interpretation is what you're you're believing in the religion that you created for yourself. But when you start seeing the science that I'm showing you here and the closing prices are giving telltale signs to smart money that it's about to turn. Why? Because we couldn't post a body above consequent encouragement of this wick and it's time Friday. Oh, it looks like a bull flag or a bullish continuation penant. really reversion fair value gap failure to go higher. We're consolidating and then we go into the macro 1050 11:10 a.m. overlapping with London close. Look at your euro. Look at your dollar index and look at your pound dollar again. Then market starts to drop. People are in shock. Social media is ablaze. What's going on? Trump. Trump did this. Trump said that. Trump said Trump this. He's the fault guy. I told you in 2016 he would be used as such before he was even elected. And before you come at me, I have never voted in my life. I've never voted for anyone because it's a facade. You're a victim of the left right paradigm and no matter what side you pick, you're still being deceived because you don't have a say in the matter. If they voting mattered, they would never ever let you do it. So, I'm not trying to promote an idea one side or the next. I'm not Republican. I'm not Democrat. I'm not independent. I'm a monarchist. I'm looking for a coming king. He's not of this world. So, my perspective is completely objective outside of I'm not looking at it through the lens of a party view. But I told you in 2016 that everything you're seeing all around the world and in the US, it was coming and it's here. I told you it was going to be expensive and you won't be able to pay for food. You won't be able to do this. You won't be able to do that. It's happening. I tell you about this in the market. I tell you about that in the market. This is what it's going to do. Is it what it's not going to do? It's going to say it wants to go higher with certain things, but retail will chase that and it'll be wrong. We're in the age of deception right now. And you need to make sure you guard yourself against that. And because I'm a man and you got to make sure that no man deceives you, don't take my word for it. Go into your charts and get your evidence there. Period. So, here's where we're at. inversion fair gap macro 1050 1110 trading at the closing prices third stage of smart money shorting at all-time high and one more tap into that buy side and it carines lower and back into that Thursday those Thursday levels we trade down below consequent encroachment of Thursday October 2nd 2025's opening range gap it wicks through it twice. Where is the bodies below it? Why am I using that Thursday, October 2nd opening range gap? Because it's the one it's the one that had the daily candlestick close that laid down a new all-time high above a previous all-time high that was formed that was retraced on. So, it should be viewed as what? Continuation. But I'm looking for indications that smart money will fade into that and start selling it distribution here inside this cibby volume and balance. I'm a balance. This is what suspension block halfway point consequent encroachment can't even reach that and the bodies are staying below what Thursday's regular trading hours opening range gap consequent encroachment midpoint level. It can't even muster the strength to come back and kiss it with its bodies. It's weird. It's heavy. So, where could it reach for? Go back to your daily chart. We have a swing low. We have a discount wick that you can grade. And then we have the change in the state delivery down here. See this down close candle all the way past this one. So, if we're going to pierce this, this is the last time after or before this candlestick formed. This was the last time there's a change in state delivery. So this candle sticks open to its high. That is your premium wick. When price is above it, it's going to act as what? A discount wick. So here's the lower quadrant consequent encouragement. And the upper quadrant. Lower quadrant comes in at 24,16650. And during regular trading hours, you know, trailing stop losses getting stopped out. It is what it is. But that is a really, really nice run. carrying it over to electronic trading hours where you can see that there's trading beyond that three I'm sorry 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. Uh this big drop off went right down into that there beautifully with just below the low. But look at that delivery. It's completely random. I'm sure most of your eyes I don't see it as that. See, I've seen these things happen a lot of times. Not just once in a lifetime like some of you 20-year-olds. These things are measured. These things are scripted. These things are calculated. They're predetermined, predestined. And when you look at how smart money was selling above these highs here and above this candlestick's closing price here and here and above this candlestick's closing price here and here and above this candlestick's closing price here and here and then all of a sudden during a macro time inside of inversion fair value gap after three stages of smart money staging for shorts at all-time highs at the end of the week when the government shut down and all this stuff is coalesing at the same time Trump says, "I'm reinstating 100% tariffs on China." There's the perfect excuse. There's a perfect excuse that buying and selling and random acts of chaos, nobody should expect to be able to time the market. It's a wonderful plot. that would make a wonderful TV movie. It takes that perspective to believe that fiction because that's what that is fiction. Now, am I going to sit here and tell you that it was expected on my part that it was going to deliver such a long drop down on Thursday? No. But submitting to the idea that I picked up from good old Larry Williams, the most money you make is holding for the close. Think about it. You're stuck in a car. You're limited to the perspective of your Samsung Ultra. So, you're not going to look at every single one minute candlestick. You're just going to hold an idea close to your heart and let time do its thing. And then you look and you're pleasantly surprised. Wow, it did what I expected to happen over next week. It did it all in one day. This should be signifying to you that if you're not respecting risk right now, if you think you're John Wayne of the markets, okay, you think you're the cool hand Luke, you think you're uh Paul Newman in the color of money and you just can't miss, you might want to take another look because there's a whole lot of things in the offing just past the horizon. You just can't see it yet, but it's coming. And it's going to make these markets move in a pace, in a method, and a style of delivery that's going to take your head clean off if you don't know what you're doing. You want to overlever your pretend little demo accounts that you affiliated with these funded account companies. Yeah, it's only the reset fees you got to pay that you're gambling and you're taking big lottery guesses. And if you're doing that with your real money, you are playing idiot poker. man. And you are holding a commode flush. You got you have no idea what's about to happen to you. There's so many things that can happen at any moment at the drop of a hat. Any one of those things are going to be the perfect instrument to justify why these markets don't stay where they're at and they leave at a pace that you've never seen before. And if you're caught on the wrong side, Lord help you. So you have to be careful. You have to be careful. And overnight gap risk should be your number one priority. not assuming it. Don't hold overnight. If you're a trader and you're doing anything holding overnight, Yeah. Well, you know, good luck. Cuz if you're on the wrong side, no, that's not where I want to be at. Because if it can move this much in one day, how much do you think it can do overnight when we open up on Sunday? How much can it move just from where we close on Friday, 5:00 p.m. Eastern time and opening up on 6:00, 1 hour later? What prevents them from opening up 1,500 handles different from where you last saw it? Nothing. That's the thing you don't understand. Like you think that there's got to be, you know, a a a method that prevents things like that. It it this isn't like that. Remember, you think smart money is not short right now. Look where they've moved it. They are not letting other people in on that move. They've already shifted this thing a lot. Now, what do you think the public wants to do? Come Monday or Well, Monday's a holiday. When they can get in the market and trade they're going to do what? If they're long, they're going to be scared and they're going to try to get out. And people that don't know how to trade see it as, wow, it's probably going to start dropping now. You should not be trying to do anything right now. It's already moved a lot. So, just sit still. Wait for the dust to settle a little bit. And if it keeps going lower and you miss it, that's better than trying to chase it. That's it for this one, folks. Until talk to you next week, Lord willing. Enjoy your weekend. Be safe and good luck and good trading.
