================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: ICT NQ Futures Tape Reader Session \ October 1, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aa16ZQQfBOQ
================================================================================

All right. This thing is wrestling with me today. So, I I think I believe that I have everything as it should be. So, uh you'll let me know obviously on X if the audio is good. Give me a 5x5. It's good for the audio. And if you can see the chart clear, this uh let me all clear. Thank you, Pamela. Now, I need to know if you can hear me. Getting anybody telling me they can hear me yet. That's not good. You can play with your toys right now. I think it's awesome. All right. So, is the volume good? So, I I I don't want to have to uh field any complaints in the comments to me on X about how they can't hear me cuz all the settings are up. I have a professional microphone. Everything is as it should be. So, you need to turn your device volume up. All right. So, let's get over here to the chart real quick. All right. So, first and foremost, obviously, you know, the things I'm going to talk about today you know the drill. It's it's not meant to get you into a trade. I'm not inspiring you to buy or sell today. If you are a trader that may view what I'm going to talk about today as distracting and you want to focus on your trades, it's better for you to come back to this after you've done your trading, okay? I don't want to influence you. I don't want to have any kind of influence that would uh make you see something that you may be not find interesting or a setup for your particular model. So, this is the part where you do due diligence on your own and and own the responsibility of your own actions. So, everything I'm saying here is my opinion. Nothing is meant to be investment advice, no trade advice, no here's a buy sell uh signal or sell setup, nothing like that, okay? All we're doing is going over number one, the first 10 minutes is going to be this quick brief little thing about how you can go right into this with a fresh start, not trying to have every ICT thing in the repertoire. Just simply going in and how do you take rate? How do you watch price action looking for certain things? If you're brand new to what it is that I teach, uh this is like the crash course today, right to the point. Um I will stay with you about 10 minutes after 10 simply because there's a news driver coming out, manufacturing PMI at 10:00 a.m. Eastern time. So, I'll I'll be a part of the observation of that with you. But at 10:10, I'll cut the stream and then you all can go over there to X and say you didn't learn anything. >> [laughter] >> All right. So, on the left-hand side, we have the daily chart um the E-mini Nasdaq December contract or as we call it in the industry, Christmas contract or Christmas NQ or Nasdaq. And on the right-hand side is a 1-minute chart. Now, if you notice in the lower right-hand corner, I have it set to electronic trading hours, okay? I'm going to toggle to regular trading hours. And I want you to take a look at Here we have Tuesday, yesterday, regular trading hours, close. In other words, where you would see the of like day session hours and then it would resume trading still with electronic trading hours. But you're not seeing anything past this on this perspective until at 9:30, wherever we open up, then there'll be a new price bar uh price chart or bar start populating the chart. Right now, I have it toggle where it's not being shown. So, now if I do that, that's my regular trading hours opening range high. The way you create that, I promise you we're only going to go a couple minutes like this and then we're going to be watching price action. But I just want to have something out here on the channel so that way you can watch the price action without me. And then come back and watch my stream later on as a recording and see how well you did, okay? But today it's just like a an entry-level, this is how you set your chart up with next to no understanding about what it is I teach or if you never went through it. This is how you can go and start observing, okay? And collecting the information and data. What you're going to do is you're going to line segment horizontal ray and you find the 4:14 p.m. Always set your chart to New York time. And just drop that here for a second. Right here. Scroll up where it says New York. I don't care where you live, your chart has to be set to that. Everything else will be germane to that. But if you don't have that correctly, everything that I teach or talk about or if you're going to think of the market algorithmically, you're not going to be on time. Okay? So, you need to have it set to New York. Now, with that out of the way, you would take the horizontal right ray and just drop it right on the close of that last candle. And you always want to double-check cuz like me, I have 53-year-old eyes. It's feeling like they're 100 years old now. You want to make sure you're dropping it right on the close. Okay? And that's what I've done here. And then once you have that line segment on it, just do a a double-click on it and then you add regular trading hours RTH space opening range high. Now, the reason why I have that high is cuz pre-session, in other words, before 9:30, we're trading. If you look at what we have over here on the daily chart, it's telling you where the market is at market right now trading electronic hours. So, it's moving around right now, but notice that the regular trading hours chart is not moving around. Okay? It's static. It stopped right where it ended at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time yesterday. They're still trading NQ, but this perspective is day session day session hours, okay? Or what used to be open outcry pit time. They don't have that anymore. So, it's just keeping tabs on price this perspective so that way we can see the disparity of where we open up at 9:30 Eastern time in about 11 and 1/2 minutes. We're closing yesterday at 8:58.25. That's higher than we're trading right now. See that? See the price is at 7 8 4 and a quarter. It's 8 4 and 50. 85 and and 3/4, 86 even. 85 even. So, it's trading around. But that price is lower than where we closed yesterday. So, what I like to do a couple minutes before the opening session, if I'm teaching my son, I will do this. I will annotate the chart regular trading hours opening range high. What this essentially is is one end of the range of the opening range gap. Assuming that we don't hurt them close the gap and trade back to 858 before 9:30, okay? So, it's calling the market to open at a discount. That means it's going to open less than where we closed previous trading day, which was Tuesday, using regular trading hours down here on the right-hand side. Now, if you're brand new, it's probably very very confusing, but I promise you it's not that complicated. It's very simple. But if you don't have your charts showing you the disparity between where we closed in regular trading hours the previous trading day versus where we start trading at 9:30 on the new trading day, at 9:30 Eastern time, that starts the regular trading hours all over again. And then it stops at 4:15. So, the last print will show on a 1-minute chart as 4:14. See at the bottom of the chart right here? Look down here. Hover over top of that, it's 4:14 p.m. It's always Eastern time or New York local time. So, when you set your your line up the way you want it, you just drop it right on the close right here. And then it'll show up over here as a horizontal ray. I'll show you what I mean by that. See how this one over here, horizontal ray? Hover over top of that, right click on it, and then rename it. And it helps you keep your chart organized. So, that way you can do a whole week's worth of annotations, and if you don't want something on your chart at the time, you can just go over top of the little eyeball and tap that, it'll disappear, but it's still there for you to grab again. See that? So, it's real easy to keep everything organized. And now also, I feel like Mr. Rogers teaching today. The new week, I'm sorry, the new day opening gap high for Wednesday's trading, which is going to be determined by the close at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time Tuesday and the Tuesday 6:00 p.m. electronic trading hours restart time. So, there's a There's 1-hour difference between that last print at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time and 6:00 p.m. Eastern time. We call that the new day opening gap. And I have this toggle to high, so I'm going to put that on the chart here, and then the the low. Now, it's showing on a regular trading hours chart, so we're going to toggle over to electronic trading hours, and I'll let you see real quick where this is at. It's right there. We're only using a couple things today, okay? Just to read price. So, this is the last print at 4:59 p.m. on Tuesday, and then at 6:00 it opens up up here. See that? So, there's an hour difference between this candle and that candle. Technically, it's an hour and 1 minute, but it's showing you the last print because 5:00 there is no trading, so it's not going to show you a print at 5:00. So, last print's going to be 4:59, as you see down here in in the bottom of the chart. So, you want to note that with a horizontal ray. And then where we opened at 6:00, that's If it's higher than where we closed, then this is the high and that's the low. Then you have a premium new day opening gap. Now, what's the benefit of having that? If you look at the uh the new week, I'm sorry, new day opening gap, it's above us right now. And I like these relative equal highs. So, I'm I'm watching this today, this morning with you. I've moved these around here. Now, I'm used to grabbing it in a certain order, and it's not the way I usually have it. So, here is a minor buy side. So, I'll write minor buy side liquidity. And all I'm doing is showing you exactly how I teach my kids. I don't do anything, you know, crazy, I don't do anything extra complicated. And that's not right. Top left and blue. And the text is usually 14. Okay? So, now think about what we have here. We have regular trading hours opening range high, which is where we closed regular trading hours yesterday at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. We're below that. We're below new day opening gap. And we have minor buy side up here. So, we already out the gate, we have three things going in our favor where it could likely push higher to explore and probe reaching for buy side liquidity. It does not mean it cannot drop. It can. But I start the day off with expectation of where can it reach to? Cuz if you're going to start learning how to read the tape before you even trade, before you ever put any uh risk on ever, you need to know what you're looking at, what you're studying, why should the market behave a certain way. And without having at least the baseline of, you know, certain basic principles of where the market will be drawn to. Where's it likely to be pulled into for liquidity? There's orders, and then there's inefficiencies where the market will book price in that particular range because it hadn't spent enough time sufficiently offering buy side and sell side delivery. That's not liquidity, it's it's passing through a predetermined range. And I'll explain that in a couple minutes, but right now I want to show you also the Monday Tuesday regular trading hours opening range gap. We'll highlight that on the chart, too. And that is going to be seen here. Well, I'm dealing with going over the last 3 days or so, okay? Here is Monday's regular trading hours close at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. So, it's highlighted right there, and then we opened at what? 9:30 a.m. So, this is regular trading hours opening range gap. So, that's This is measuring the difference or disparity between where we closed yesterday at 4:15 p.m. Eastern time and where we reopen for regular trading hours at 9:30 Eastern time in the morning. So, between those two times, electronic trading hours is is taking place with the exception of the small window of 1 hour between 5:00 p.m. Eastern time and 6:00 p.m. Eastern time, okay? And real quick, I'll let you see what this has done. You can see the reaction here, pre-session. I'm sorry, not pre-session. The uh electronic trading hours, go here. You can see the reaction there, there, and again, it's above us as well, okay? So, Friday to Monday regular trading hours quadrants, we'll show that in a second, but right now I'm going to add that. So, what this is doing is showing the entirety of the separation, which was a huge gap in regular trading hours for Friday's close to where we opened up Monday morning at 9:30. Here's Friday, let me zoom in a little bit better. So, here's Friday's last print on regular trading hours at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time, and then here's 9:30 opening on Monday. So, that difference there. Now, I'm going to showcase the quadrant levels. Now, I didn't put the midpoint or consequent quotient level cuz I'm using the label to draw my focus to where half of that would be. Because if I put the um the 50% level on the fib, it makes this where you can't read it, okay? So, I just eyeball the midpoint, and I tell myself to just suffer through it. So, we have electronic trading hours again, and we're going to go back to this. And you can see how that pretty pretty well gives us the midpoint or consequent quotient of the gaps midpoint between Friday and Monday's opening. So, Friday close regular trading hours, Monday regular trading hours open. That's the opening range gap, or what we call RTHORG. It's a whole lot of stuff, I know. But we have several things that could potentially give us reason to go up here. Now, have you got looking at the economic calendar, which I don't have a I don't have a uh browser open to to be able to open it and share it with you on the stream, but I use Econoday calendar, and I use Forex Factory's calendar, okay? Uh either one's good. And one isn't any better than the other. Whatever one you like, whatever, you know, presentation style they use, whatever one you like, use that. You'll notice today at 10:00 we have a red folder or a high impact news driver in the form of ISM Manufacturing PMI. Okay, so I hope I I hope I'm calling it right. I I believe I didn't write it down, but I believe looking at it before I started the stream, that's what we have at 10:00, okay? So, that might be the the fuel, if you will, that injects the volatility in the marketplace to send us up into exploring any of these things up here. It need not Here's Here's the real important thing, okay? When you're first starting out, the first thing you want to do is give yourself permission to be wrong. Don't expect We're opening at 9:30 now. Don't expect to be right. Don't expect to know everything that's going to happen next. You don't know that, okay? And for you to expect it, it's just build you up. Notice these uh relative equal highs here, too. That Don't build up expectation that you have to be perfect, okay? Watching myself, watching my students, watching other traders do very, very well, um it makes you feel like you want to go out there and do something right now and and be a part of the gang, right? Be a part of the the crew that does, you know, really well. In the beginning, it's unrealistic and unreasonable for you to feel that way. Okay? Uh notice that we're trading at the low of the Friday to Monday opening range gap. We're trading right down here. And we just took that short-term low out right there. See that? Notice this little reaction here. It doesn't mean it's going to go straight up, but I like to see these sides of things. These are encouraging for when you're watching the tape and when students are watching prices. This It's really nice to see it react that way. Minor buy side is here. And then you have a little bit more buy side here. And then we start going into the levels I gave you this morning. Now, without having the Monday um I'm sorry, the Friday to Monday opening range gap on your chart and not knowing that that level's down here, this would be a This would be completely invisible to you. You would never expect that. You would just see it, well, you know, it broke support cuz classic support resistance guys see that. So, it went down here and went up before. So, therefore, you know, if it does that, but then it went through it, that's going to scare them. They're not going to want to take a long there. But that's not what we do. We're looking for what? We're looking for the draw on liquidity to go to not just one thing, not one little um ICT gimmick or trick, okay? A PD array. We want several things to indicate to us that we have probabilities in our favor that the market's likely to pull in one direction over another. Now, if at any time you're ever watching price, I mean, widen this so you can see a little more busy bodies on these candles. I'm busy chopping it in already. The uh Remember this was buy side. I told you earlier. I got changed the annotation to the right now. You can see it. And I'll scrub over in a second, but right now I just want to finish my thought. You want several things. There's a buy side I told you. Uh right. I mean, just show it to you now cuz you're going to get mad if I don't. There's those highs I told you about, okay? And that's all I was doing yesterday. I said I saw some joker on uh X to say, "Well, you said clearly." And look, dude, don't take things out of context. I said very clearly, just like I look told you these levels here. Okay? We're going up. We're going into these levels. And what do we return back into here? The Monday Tuesday regular trading hours opening range gap. Right there. That in and of itself, you got two things you still delivered. If you had longed the market and did a soup long, in other words, buying below that low, right now, you could be offsetting some of that long position. Leaving something on as a runner in case you get up into the Wednesday new day opening gap or if it goes up into um the regular trading hours opening range gap high. Now, cuz I'm telling I teach so much over like uh price action, I I got to tell you this part. You want to do at the opening at 9:30, here's that candlestick right here. We're on electronic trading hours, okay? Here's the opening price. That's where we first printed at 9:30. In other words, regular trading hours started right there. I'm going to put it on the chart here, but I'm going to toggle to uh sorry, regular trading hours. See that See the difference where we were here and we opened all the way down here, right at that price. So, now what I'm doing is I'm going to take this off. I'm going to copy this one. Hold Hover over top of it until the little thing highlights. And then hold down the control button and then drag and you'll be able to copy whatever array wherever your annotation is at the time. And then now all you got to do is change that to low. So, now you completely for your journal, you completely um made the annotations perfect now. Now, here's what you can do also, but you want to be doing this not Don't be talking to yourself or listening to me or anyone else without having already done these things. Soon as you get the opening price, you want to annotate it and then draw your fib in degrade that. That's not right. There it is. Okay? And now I want to show consequent encroachment here, which is the 50% and I want that to be red. So, we opened down here and I teach algorithmically the market will go back to half of the opening range gap 70% of the time. Okay? What if you had the chance to win the lottery 70%? Like what if you had the the probabilities of 70% of the time when you buy a lottery ticket or you bet on a a a specific horse in a horse race or you went to the casino and you pulled the slot machine. What if you had 70% likelihood that you were going to be correct and win? Wouldn't it be amazing? That'd be an amazing uh testament to uh you luck, right? Well, luck doesn't exist, okay? You have to make your own luck, okay? And by having very simple little strategies, right to the point, okay? This is how I teach my kids. Knowing where the halfway point is right here. If it opens up down here, there's a 70% likelihood that the market's going to go up to this level here before or by 10:00 a.m. Eastern time. In other words, in 30 minutes, it's going to go there. You just watch it again. Now, if if you're brand new, you probably think I just cherry-picked that and this fluffed you all up because it did it in front of you. That's not the case. I have been teaching this for years. I have taught this principle. It's in video. It's in typed out comments on my X. It's It's something that has been taught extensively by me. Notice we traded up into the Wednesday new day opening gap low. Now, again, take something off, okay? Scale off. Scale off. If you don't know where these levels are beforehand, you are gambling with no luck. You have nothing in terms of probability in your favor. Zero. Now, I promise you, there is nobody on YouTube live streaming today that outline this this perfect. Okay? You're going to hear them out there barking, beating their chest, talking about disgusting things that they're doing in their vehicles, and talking about everybody in the industry, and talking about this, and talking about that while they're playing in their demo accounts, trying to get you to spend money so they can make more money and spend it in front of you and brag about it and make you feel stupid. But they ain't telling you this. They're never telling you this because they can't do this. There's nobody out there. Nobody out there that outlines it this perfectly. Right to the point. Right to the point. And I had to put that in there because it's just necessary. So, anyway, now we've had the market deliver like gangbusters right off the the PD array that I've already had in mind and showed to you. And the market hit it, ran up and drew up into the first buy side liquidity I told you about. The second one, which is Monday and Tuesday's regular trading hours opening range gap. The Wednesday new day opening gap, which is determined by 5:00 p.m. Eastern time and 6:00 p.m. Eastern time. And then I gave you quadrants on this Friday Monday this big gray area here. That's the lower quadrant. Halfway point is right here or consequent encroachment. The upper quadrant is here. And then here's the high of it. If you cut bait and say, "I'm done for today." and don't even expect or require it to go all the way back to this price here because that's with the exception of going to the high of uh Friday Monday's opening range gap high, which is this level here. That and then if it goes there and higher, the gap closure or gap fill is trading back to previous day's regular trading hours close because we opened down here and the market's drawn back up into it. So, what I want you to think about it is like this. Price stopped here and it opened right there. Let me get this. I don't want it to I don't want it to do that. And we'll do yellow. I don't really like yellow, but it it needs to be strong of a contrast. So, what you're seeing is essentially the market created this gap from where we stopped trading yesterday at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. Regular trading hours close and then regular trading hours open at 9:30 today this morning. Opened down here. So, there's a vacuum. There's an absence. There's a void. There's a um a complete and utter wasteland or empty canvas for price to paint all over and it's inside that yellow box. So, because it there's a vacuum, if you break the seal on a vacuum, okay? You ever see those commercials where they they try to get you to buy these space bags and you put your vacuum cleaner on it and it sucks the air out of it and you can compress sweaters and blankets and whatever. Man, I had to talk my wife out of that several times. I said, "Listen, we are not putting that garbage in our house, okay? I I I have big enough house. We can stack up stuff. We have rooms we can treat as big closets, okay? It's fine. We don't need to do stuff like that. But But, when you break that seal on a a vacuum sealed bag, what do you get? You get air completely goes right back into that that vacuum. There's no there's no abundance of air inside that bag. So, that's exactly what's happening here. That vacuum seal is broken and then price rushes right back in to fill this expanse of empty no price action. So, that's that's your first steps in knowing where the market's going to go at the open. There's going to be people out there, you're going to see them, they're in the industry, they got all these titles next to their name, they they probably write books, they probably been on CNBC, they probably, you know, love themselves more than I love myself, and they will tell you that you can't time the market. Nobody knows what the market's going to do next. Well, okay. Um I'm Mr. Nobody, okay? And I'm sitting down and I'm explaining to you in very elementary terms, very simple, how you can do this every single day. But, you're looking at 33 years of experience doing it. So, it looks real real easy in my hands. It was not easy in my hands when I first started. But, by doing these things and applying them gradually. Notice that I don't have the new week opening gap on here? Notice that? Notice that I don't have every other bell and whistle on the chart? All I'm doing is starting you at first step. This is like elementary school, it's kindergarten, okay? Baby pips has their whole little thing over there, where you know, they have preschool, uh kindergarten, first grade, all that you know, stuff. Here, this is kindergarten ICT. This is how this is how simple you can start. It need not be complex. It need not be complicated. I have never complicated anything, but what I have given you is an encyclopedia of smart money concepts that I've authored. Just because you have the whole compendium out there, doesn't mean you have to digest it all in one time or fast. You start with something simplistic. When can you sit down in front of the charts? Well, it makes sense that you sit down in front of it during the market session open. For instance, like this is New York open for equities trading the regular trading hours. You can trade Forex in the London session. You know, 1:00 in the morning to 5:00 a.m. Eastern time, okay? And the same types of principles occur over and over and over again there, but there just isn't a opening range gap in Forex because it's 24-hour trading. We have built-in advantages with futures because we have these lapses in trading. Now, I know some of you are going to want to type out, "I've been waiting for you to say that cuz now you just made me remember the question I want to ask you. What happens when they go to 24 hours?" Then it's going to get even easier. Simple. >> [laughter] >> I got weapons for that, too, okay? I believe me, I got weapons for that. But, for now, just know that your first priority as a as a student of price action, learning how to read price through the language I created in smart money concepts, simply knowing specific reference points. Now, if you would agree, and I promise I don't make any more money for this, but if you agree that this is simple, it's very very straight to the point, it's not complex, it's not complicated, and it's freaking perfect. It's precise. There's no ambiguity about it, there's no guessing about it. It's just you're building a narrative that why price should go a direction versus another direction. In other words, is it going to go up or is it going to go down? Cuz that's all we have to first consider. Is it likely to go up? Is it likely to go down? And you build the evidence to suggest one side over the other. My PD arrays are going to scream at you. Listen. Look at me. There's a whole lot of interest up here. When you have all these PD arrays where we're opening below it. So, where's it going to go? Up. Now, it does not mean at all that the market's going to continuously go up and have a, you know, an all-time high today. I mean, it can, but I'm not saying that here. I'm trying to get you to think about it in a a graduated mm approach, where you you take a reasonable amount of information that should not be, in my opinion, this should not be overwhelming. It can be a little complex for someone that's never done it before. You don't really understand what I'm doing here and what I've done, but I promise if you watch the recording again and think about what I've done in the past with my other lectures, you'll see that I've done nothing different here except for less talking and then just went right to it. You see the low of the session today right there, only by a tick off. Isn't that amazing? That's the that's the range between Friday and Monday's opening range gap. See, everybody else, everybody else, knows about gaps. You hear the adage, "Gaps like to get filled. Oh, mind the gap. Oh, guys got filling that. Oh, it's probably going to go to the gap. It's going to close the gap. It's going to close the gap." We already closed that gap. But, it's not done using it because there's an algorithm that refers right back to that price level. What price level? This level that I showed you. This level here, the lower quadrant of it, the midpoint of it, consequent encroachment, it's annotated with the the the label of the box. Then the upper quadrant here, and then the high of it. See, everybody has archaic principles. They know about gaps. And once a gap fills, they discard it. They throw it away. It's no longer useful. It's no longer salient to them. So, they're looking for the next thing to chase. Mm-mm-mm. No. No, no, no. See, that's this is the reason why I laugh at everybody, and my students that have been with me for a long time, they can do this in their own hands, too. They're laughing at everybody. As soon as somebody starts cracking their mouth about how this stuff is rebranded, you'll never find this ever ever ever before me talking about it. And I have to do these things because social media and AI is they're they're basically collecting opinions. Every time somebody tells something negative or positive about me or anyone else, the AIs will go out and they'll scour the consensus. It'll it'll cull, basically, a collection of both sides of of a narrative. And if the narrative is, "Did ICT create or author smart money concepts?" Okay? You'll hear people say it's Wyckoff. I've already I just destroyed that. They'll say it's supply and demand. We destroyed that, too. "Oh, he's rebranded this and rebranded that." You'll never see an old gap referred to it like me. Anything. Nobody's ever done it for me, ever. It's never been in print, it's never been in video, it's never been talked about, it's never been done. And the reason why I talk about it and I'm so verbose about it is because I know AI is keeping tabs on everybody. So, I always retort and correct these jacklegs because they're liars. They're liars, okay? And by having my side of the story, and I'm the one that I come out here and I'm doing it now in live stream, explaining it to you. And you wonder, "Oh, why he he did 30 trades with his demo account, with his 15 monitors or laptops, and he finally got one at the low, and that's the one he's going to show." I just showed you how to pick the low. Is that complex information? No. But, you're using stale data if you're going to ask somebody else. Stale data is not stale to me because it's pertinent. The market's going to use that information. It's going to use it. And if you don't know how to collect that information, then guess what? You're blind. And you don't want to be blind in these markets because it'll take you just like that. Now, where do you think the market wants to reach to now? It's already pulled back into three quarters of the the gap, which is that upper quadrant right here. There's liquidity resting right on here. Right below here. What's below that? That's sell side. So, your initial expectation would be try to see how far you can get up into half the gap, 70% likely it's going to go there, then three quarters of the gap. It does not need to fill that. Does not need to do that at all. And we're seeing the rotation lower with liquidity resting right below here. There's no sell side outside of that low. That's the only sell side in the marketplace, and it's tapped into it there. So, now it's probing, do we see a continuation lower? If it really starts to, you know, find, you know, some weight in it and keep going lower, and this stays open here, then that might be impactful for the PM session. Now, I'm not trying to give you too many things for one session cuz I told you I only want to be here for about an hour, but because there's an economic news driver coming out at 10:00, I want to be here so that way we can watch it live. But, let me get this uh rectangle off here. I I I was going to uh prompt you, and I said that by new putting a thumbs up on my video. And and I know there's like about 10 of you, 20 of you out there, cuz I always have like a 99.6 rating that's liked or thumbed up. Thumbs up. And I know some of you trolls don't want to believe that, but I can go in here in live stream and show you the the settings and the the stats that I'm at 99.6 loved uh or thumbs up type uh ratings on my videos. But, this is where we interact, okay? Now, you can do one or two things. If you're not on X, if you're not on Twitter, what used to be Twitter, um if you're not on that, then give the this live stream a thumbs up because that means what you're telling me is this was straight to the point. It was not complicated. I gave you the levels beforehand. I told you the direction we would be expecting beforehand. And it delivered perfectly. Perfectly. If you can't do this part here consistently, in other words, find one section of the marketplace where you're going to see an obvious price run. If you can't do this, you can't make money trading. You should never be trying to trade with these funded account companies trying to get lucky and do lottery wins, okay? Blowing accounts after accounts after accounts. If you can't expect to see where price is going to react and run. If you can't do this consistently, that doesn't mean learn how to do it this week and next week you're you're going to try to do it with, you know, funded accounts or live account. Don't don't think that. You need to do this for a couple months. And that right there, that right there caused a lot of you to turn off listening with common sense because that doesn't fit what you want. But listen to me. If you came here or if you're watching this as a recording and you want to learn you want to learn from somebody that knows exactly what's going on, over three decades, okay? I'm not going to come out here and fall on my face and look stupid. I'm not going to do that. I know what I'm doing. I'm I'm I'm on of the opinion that I have an authority that most of you don't have and never would. And your gurus and teachers don't either. If they did, they'd come out here and tell you this very precise type of thing. It's not ambiguous. It's very very very specific. And to the Yahoo I blocked yesterday, if it if it's so good then do it live or S H T F. >> [laughter] >> Well, here it is, Bubba. So, if you found this helpful in terms of a crash course, what do you do if you want to learn how to trade ICT? If you want to learn my smart money concepts, you want to do it correctly, the right way, right out of the horse's mouth, the source code is talking to you right now. If you thought that this was succinct and right to the point and it's not ambiguous, then give this live stream a thumbs up. If you're on X, do both. Let me know that you saw it live and that's an encouragement for me. And remember, I'm not getting paid to do this. That I'm not going to sell you a mentorship. I'm not going to be selling a course. I'm not asking you to, you know, send me cash. >> [laughter] >> I'm not doing live streams where you can go in there and chat up and say, "Here's 50 bucks. You know, get yourself a nice, you know, pair of underwear, you know, with the ICT logo on ICT. Get yourself a, you know, couple retail books, learn how to trade ICT." You know, I don't want anything from you. I I don't need anything from you. But I want you to know that there's a way of doing this. It's not hard. It's impossible if you try to put everything I've ever taught into a repertoire with no experience. And that's just went right over your head. I'll say it again slower in a different way. When you come to my work and you see the compendium that I've placed in the public's hands with 700 plus videos, that's a little intimidating. I got to admit that if I was starting out and the guy that was supposed to be, you know, the bee's knees in the industry, you know, everybody talks about him and wants to be like him and and the ones that can't stand me, you know, that want to have the the the influence I have, they're constantly talking about me. So, you want to be like that person as a young male. But then when you see all those videos and I would've been I would've been thinking the same thing. I'd be like, "Man, there's got to be an easier way." 700 videos? You don't have to watch all 700 videos. You don't have to do that. A lot of them is just me doing like this, just doing it. Recording videos, doing lectures over what I've done, trading here, trading there, trading with a live account. You guys saying, "Oh, he never trades a live account." I got videos out the yin yang on my YouTube channel I'm doing that. I go into my live account that's broker, uh regulated broker, showing you every single day's statistics. Live login. I I mean, I don't know why you guys pretend and lie like like I haven't done that before. I've done it, okay? So, you have somebody that loves teaching. I have the stuff that works. I have the stuff that everybody else is rebranding. And I don't lose interest in teaching. But you make the mistake when you come to me and you try to watch all those videos real fast like you can retain it. You can't. Just start with one playlist. And for the folks that are brand new, this is how you start. You simply grab a couple tools, a new day opening gap, the opening range gaps over the last three days, put them on your chart. And then look for relative equal highs. Where is it clean? Very very smooth edges. That's this level I told you here. On this time frame I got to go to electronic trading hours chart. That there is going to be the the confusion for most of you. When you're toggling back and forth with a brand new trader, it's a little confusing to know what you're looking at. And sometimes you'll mess it up. And to be honest with you, as a as a 40-year-old when I was trading a lot, um I would toggle back and forth between electronic trading hours and regular trading hours. And a few times I got disoriented and I took a trade based on something I thought I saw and I was thinking it was regular trading hours and it was not. It was electronic trading hours and it caused me to lose money. And it's going to happen to you. You're going to you're going to do human things like that. You're going to get disorganized or you're going to get distracted and you might think you're at regular trading hours and you're not, you're on electronic trading hours. Those types of things are going to creep in because we're human. Don't worry about that so much or have all these what if thinkings that's going to cause you to feel like it's too scary if I make a mistake, I can hurt myself because you're not trading with real money. So, these clean highs up here I mentioned how I like them earlier, right at the beginning of the stream. See that? And then once we ran the the sell side out below that low, now we're right back up to those same equal highs again. See that? So, both liquidity and the PD arrays I gave you, which are all these things up here, think of this as this collection of lines and and ranges I told you about. Think about that as a big magnet. Okay? A really big magnet. And think about every every 15-second candlestick. Think about that as a paper clip. Okay? And it starts down here. When you're dropping these paper clips underneath a magnet, a really strong magnet. And you you start spilling them out of a cup like this. They start spilling out of a cup and they start they initially start falling cuz of gravity, but eventually what happens? The magnetism, the field of of magnetic uh magnetism pulls what? Those paper clips up. They get raptured. >> [laughter] >> See they get sucked right back up into a level where the the field of magnetism is the strongest. And where's that going to be at? Technically, in the PD arrays that I showed you in the chart. Right? Up here. All these things. These are all This is like the magnet. And notice that Monday, Tuesday, regular trading hours, opening range gap, look where the bodies are really collecting right there. So, consequent encroachment on that range right there, I think is like the core like that's the big draw. Now, you see people that talk about like volume profile and I'll see point of control and those types of things. This is the real point of control. Okay? This is This is the real one, okay? This is it. And I'm telling you, you don't need level two data, you don't need volume bars posted horizontally here on your chart. It looks real cool. It makes you look real smart and scientific. But you don't need you don't need that, folks. You don't need that at all. Nothing. You don't need anything like that. You just need to know where can the market be drawn to next? Why should it be drawn there? And is it more than one reason for it to happen because the more things that you can stack in your favor, it becomes so overwhelmingly one-sided. We're getting ready to have news, so it was it was so one-sided, it's it's high probability. And that's what I'm getting at. So, now look at the daily chart over here. Okay? We came off these lows really hard. We came up, swiped that minor buy side of liquidity and now we're going to get the news reaction here. There's a portion of the opening range gap for today that's not closed. In other words, that's this level up here. This regular trading hours. Opening range high or yesterday's regular trading hours close. Well, that's uh It's a little bit of a lackluster reaction in it. So, we've had a low form in the first 2 minutes of trading. Rally up, pulls up into the levels I told you about. We came back down, took the sell-side liquidity resting below that low, hit that. Came right back up into the range, went back into that old liquidity pool, which is what I teach you to do. This is not support and resistance. You're going back to that level because it was an area where the algorithm Here's Here's where you write this stuff down. I have Yahoo's out there that say, "ICT is such a that he thinks there's a central one algorithm that it controls price." Yes. That I didn't stutter. But you have to think about how if you were going to code that algorithm how is price going to know where to go to next for liquidity? Because just like you see on level two data and depth of market and ladders and whatnot there can be spoofing. And spoofing is where someone with deep pockets can put like a block of 500 contracts that they want to buy above here. Okay? It'll sit there, but if they're not really wanting to buy that, when it starts trading getting close like that, they'll pull that order. It won't be there. So, they ghost that whole entire order. But they know a lot of you jack legs out there that believe in this religion of level two data. You'll see that and say, "Oh, wow, you know, there's a there's a buyer at 500 contracts." And you think they knew something you don't. And really what we're doing >> [laughter] >> is we're laying bait. Because we know retail traders like you are going to look at that and be enticed to do what? Think about it. What are you going to do? You're going to buy on a breakout. Okay? You're going to expect it to get up there. You'll buy it and hope it breaks through and keeps going higher. And And the difference between where it's at now where it's going to go if it goes up here and it trade where that 500 block was being spoofed. Spoofed is not really the intention of being filled at that price. They're just placing the Just like you can put an order in. You can put an order in to buy on a stop up here. Anybody can do that. But when they are being shown on level two data it's a form of manipulation. It entices other traders with less informed Well, psyche. They don't have They have They have no idea what to anticipate in price. They just want to look for bells and whistles and inside little edges. And because um depth of market, the DOM, not dome, DOM has all these little numbers flashing around, it feels like you're Batman and you have, you know, his his Batcave and you have all these little things blinking and all these things Wow, someone comes in your room, looks over your shoulder. Look at this person. Wow, you are really scientific. You must be really smart and brave brave to get out there and just take on the market like this. You got secret weapons, don't you? No. You're not NASA. You're not seeing They're not satellites you're tracking on there. Okay? You're literally being tricked. You're literally being tricked. You're being enticed baited to chase these big blocks. Uh I'm going to say something that's going to be shocking to you, but there's a lot of orders that never get shown there. It's a whole different market that you don't even know anything about, but I'm going to leave that for another discussion. Maybe Maybe a next space. But you don't need that stuff. And the algorithm doesn't need to know the actual number either. That's why I said baby baby pips days. I said, "The algorithm doesn't know where your stop is literally and it doesn't know where my stop is. It doesn't." It just knows where old highs are, where you're going to place that buy stop or where that old low is where you're going to place that sell stop. You see how easy it is for a coder to put the language in to go back to a reference point? Go back a number of periods. Okay, what is that period? Well referencing on a 1-minute chart that low here. When we were trading here, I said it's going to go down and hit the sell side there. Boom. Wait and see if it gets weighty as it get heavy. No, it comes right back in the range. It comes right back in one here and then sends us right back to that old buy-side liquidity What is it referencing here? This old high or highs right here. These are Asia highs. They're relatively clean levels. So, that that pro that prolonged period of consolidation where it's real smooth like that whenever it does that, you're going to get multiple times that it's going to probe that same level. Buying and selling pressure is not pushing it there. The algorithm keeps offering it there. See the algorithm is an AI. It used to be a collection of men that would manipulate the price of of whatever market they were in charge of. But it's efficient now to have a structure just like Pac-Man. Okay, remember remember the game Pac-Man? Pac-Man starts his game here. He goes down, eats the power dot below here. Now he can run and go after the ghosts. Where's the ghosts? Anybody that's shorting has their orders up here. >> [laughter] >> Goes up there, eats up all of the the ghosts. And then where he needs more power. So, where's he going to get more power from? He's got to go down below that low here cuz there's a power dot below that. Remember Pac-Man, they had upper right-hand corner, they had these real big white dots or balls. When he ate that, it made him immune to the ghosts that were trying to chasing down and kill them. And be between where he was and before he got to that power dot would be these individual little dots that he would eat them. Okay? And they would cause your your your score to go up. Well, the real score is when you eat the larger orders, which is the ghosts. And Pac-Man or price goes from this area after it eats up all these ghosts, it needs more power. So, it goes back down and eats the the liquidity below that low. Once it gets that, then it's energized. Again, where's it going to go? Well, if it came down here and isn't going to keep dropping, what do you look for? Old highs. Now, old highs is not just that. It's the ones I just showed you. It It Asia. That's an old high because I'm not supply demand. I cut through ranges. That's what the algorithm does. The algorithm is going to refer back to old price data that's pertinent to right now cuz it's inside this range and now this high here. It rallies up, takes that here and it's also sweeping above where that minor buy-side liquidity pool is or was in 9:30 or so Asia last night. If you strip away everything I said today and you just simply looked at price like this. Retail traders look at that. And they are scratching their head thinking how are people trading that? And I will admit if you don't have any narrative skills no idea of referencing where liquidity is how price is going to use old reference points this is this right here this is complicated. It's very complicated. Cuz how can you make any heads or tails out of this back and forth gyration? But I laid down the map before we even started today. I gave it to you. I gave it to you. And it's using tools that I've handled for three decades. I've kept this stuff guarded for a long long time. And I have looked at all of you through my screens for years watching you fall victim to this stuff. And I've gifted it to the community. I've given it to you. And I have made millionaires all around the world. All around the world. Some of them don't want to admit it. >> [laughter] >> And others are upstanding folks that say, "You know, that man taught me." And I'm thankful and I have a whole different appreciation for life and uh you know, a bright future. And that's what I'm wanting for you. I want you to do that. It didn't cost you anything to be here. It doesn't cost you anything to watch my videos. You don't have to watch my videos really. You don't have to. But if you want to learn, I've made it available for you. But you just go in and you take bite-size bites of it, okay? Digest as much as you can. Don't try to do too much at one time. Don't try to do like four videos over the weekend. Just pick one. Really listen to what I'm teaching because I'm not talking cuz I like the sound of my voice. I'm talking because I want you to know every facet every minute detail so that way that you know that you know. And if you rush through a number of videos, you're going to have questions that you're going to feel like they never were answered or I will never be able to answer because so many people ask me all the time, "Can you do this? Can you do that?" It's in the videos. 99.9% of the things that you're going to ask me is already out there. And you want me to save you a lot of time. And I would burn up all of my time if I did that for everyone. I got 2 million people following me. What do you think that's like? It's It's It's It's hard to keep up with. So, I have to build a barrier. So, this is all I'm willing to do. Not because I don't want to do more, it's just at some point I will wear myself down, which is what I did. And then it affected my health. And I'm not going to go there again. So, I have to have a balance in my life. I'm getting older. I'm not as strong as I used to be as a young man. And I have to pace myself. But it doesn't change the fact that you have this information available to you. It's It's in my YouTube channel. It's literally right there. All you have to do is pull up your sleeves and start watching any one of those playlists. Just pick one. Just start somewhere because they're going to overlap. Everything gets talked about in other places again because it needs to have repetition. And if you're like someone that listens to someone like me, where I care enough to teach the right way, and you feel like, you know, get to the point, guy, don't watch me. Don't even Don't even look at any of my material cuz it isn't for you. And I mean that. It's not arrogance. I'm not trying to be narcissistic. It just means that you clearly are indicating that you're not someone that really wants to do this correctly and has the proper mindset. Because if you're not patient enough to want to put the due diligence and time required to learn this highly technical stuff, you're competing, folks. Listen to me. You are competing with the smartest people, the most most ruthless people, the most greedy individuals that's ever walked this planet. You do you think they're just going to just bend over and let you just stick it up them and they can empty their pockets and they're sitting and you can just walk away. Nobody's going to, you know, do anything back to you? They're going to make you earn it. They're going to scare you with price runs that come out of nowhere. And it's going to be, "Oh man, what's going on? What did this happen? Oh, I mean, get out of my trade." And they'll entice you to make you think you're right about something. So, you'll go and you'll buy more or sell sell more. And then they rip it against you the other direction. They have the ability to do that. And they laugh at your idea of buying and selling pressure. They are the pressure. It's a pressure cooker. And if you don't know what I'm teaching, you're cooked. So, if you found what I taught today insightful, if it feels helpful to you, you know, just give me some feedback. Let me know. I know it's good. But I just want to hear it from you all. So, I'll talk to you next time. Be safe and good luck good trading.
