================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: ICT Suspension Block & Review September 30, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Td-D-vKJDg
================================================================================

folks. All right. So, we are here on Tuesday, September 30th, 2025. This is going to be a review on the forex market. Starting with the usual suspects, dollar index, euro dollar, and pound dollar. Short on time today, so I'm going to go through this a little bit quicker than I normally do. And unfortunately the annotations had to suffer as a result because I have something I have to take care of with my wife. So everything's fine but just you know how it is. The boss says we have to do this. So that means I have to do this. All right. So dollar index we have daily chart on the left hand side and we have this close I'm sorry this open on this down close candle. Uh that's a bullish order block. Uh that blue line right there. Okay, that is the September 22nd, 2025 daily open and it's this candlestick's opening price. Okay, so the dollar index traded lower into this old buy side of balance sell sign deficiency that's shaded in blue and hit that old order block level there. So right in here as it hits that there's most likely going to be some sensitivity off of that. So we'd have to then resume probably up into the the high of the old positive balance cell deficiency and also it's a it's the first return inside that so that's usually pretty uh pretty significant and it's also on a daily chart so we can get a little bit of a pop there intraday sending euro and cable lower but by the time I get the video up it's probably either didn't happen because today's been weird or it happened and you're just going to be like, well, you know, it's hindsight. And that's that's fine. It doesn't change the fact that it's advantageous for you to see it. Repetitious viewing over my shoulder. It helps you learn this. All right. So, here at midnight, uh, we have a fair value gap here that initially acts as a breakaway gap. Then we have continuation lower fairway gap there. Ignore the wicks. Okay, down CBI trades up into that as well. Breaks lower into this low. We rally away from that. Come all the way back up to encroachment of this daily premium wick. Then fair value gap and guess what it goes goes into a inversion fair value gap there. This low does not take out that low. We come all the way back up to the inversion fair value gap. Small little errant wick there. That's normal. It's permissible. Notice the bodies are staying inside the inversion fair value gap. Okay. Notice it's not classic support and resistance of this old high. The bodies are being held inside of my PDA. This up close candle casted forward. And you'll see that acts as an inversion for big gap. That's why we're not supplying and demand folks. had a guy leave a comment saying, "Well, I thought order blocks were basically supply and demand zones." Uh, you thought wrong because you're hearing people on the internet that don't know what they're talking about talk about things they don't know talk about. So, it's just that simple. Then it drops down, takes out the relative equal lows here and into that September 22nd daily open on that candlestick right there. So it'll be interesting to see what we do on the Asia and London session tonight on dollar and euro dollar and pound dollar. So it has the stage to do something if if the dollar wants to, you know, resume or consolidate inside this old wick. Before I get in to your dollar next, I had a a guy post in the comments on my YouTube channel that you don't see, but I see them. Okay? So, um, just to prove that I I do read them, um, the question is this, you know, what's what's causing the dollar index to be kind of like, well, unruly. Well, I mean, if you look at what's going on around the world, there's a lot of things that are wartime saber rattling. You know, we're potentially going to do something to remove Maduro and Venezuela. and you we're beating our chest saying that we're ready and willing to do a war with Iran and Russia. I mean, listen, you we're pretty formidable as a country and our military is pretty pretty strong, but when things are starting to be spread out so thin and nobody really wants to join the military anymore, and I'm telling you, my kids ain't joining. They can knock on the door, but they ain't here. So, I don't know what to tell you. They're not fighting rich people's wars so they can get rich. Okay, that's that's what this boils down to. And the dollar index is kind of displaying that un uncertainty that uh I don't want to say the word nervousness, but it's it's being conveyed in the price action that it doesn't look good on the horizon. And it doesn't mean it's going to go up, doesn't mean it's going to go down. It just means that it's just sitting there in a range. But gold is going straight up, which is basically the same thing as dollar going lower. It should be dropping, but it's not. It's being held there. So, it's an artificial kind of consolidation. It's being held manipulation basically is the easiest way of saying it. And because usually the dollar index and gold are kind of inverted. one goes one direction, the other goes the other. And we've had a nice extrapolation to the upside on gold, but we have not seen that participation continue in the dollar index. So that's what's causing the problems for your currency pairs. So don't take up your frustration with me. I'm not doing it to it, okay? I can promise you that. But let's continue and go to Euro Dollar quick. All right. So here's Euro daily chart over here. old inefficiency casting that forward and we have this daily candlestick discount wick is being graded here. Okay. So see that 7 I'm sorry yeah 75 uh level the quadrant lower quadrant at 1.17596. That's this level up here. Okay. So we hit it once here in London. We dropped all the way down. Trade into a bullish fe got first running it up in there. Hit the low of that inefficiency over here. Sold off. Hit the order block or fair value gap rather up again. Subsequent encroachment of the premium wick hits. It trades lower. consolidates in the initial bullish fair value gap but now becomes an inversion fair gap that I did not change the color because I want you to see this on your own chart. It breaks lower down into the inefficiency here, goes below it, comes right back in, treats it as an inversion fair value gap, trades down into an old bullish fair value gap, now becomes an inversion fair value gap right here. This one, the downside of it, trades higher and then starts recumulate at that old order block. So, it's a bullish reclaimed fair gap. Same thing here, back up into the low of this discount wick, which is 1.17503. That's this level here. Comes all the way back down to the bullish fair gap. So, it's a reclaimed bullish fair gap once more. Rallies, consolidates inside the old fair gap. So, it's a reclaimed bullish fair value gap once more. Then they send it once more higher and relative equal highs here. But trading into that lower quadrant of that discount wick there. British pound just a mess. Just an utter mess. And we're stuck in between two wicks. Okay. So we have an old wick. You'll look at the older if you have it on your chart you've been watching. You know what these levels are anchored to and this one up here. So we've basically been trapped between that and the only thing that was noteworthy is the inversion pair value up here after taking sell side relative equal lows relative equal highs. So that that liquidity was taken first came up left these buy stops there. You see that dove one more time lower. So that means this right here is absolutely going to be a murder a PD ray. So it's cast it forward. It's inverse of your value gap and hits it once more and then comes right back up into the upper quadrant of this one right here at 1.34621 and that's there and just an utter mess. Okay, just complete and utter mess. And if you traded pound dollar, you probably got yourself beat up today. All right, here is the forex transitioning to futures. So, we're focusing on index futures now and our usual suspect is Christmas or December mini NASDAQ futures contract. All right, left-hand side daily chart. Okay, and you can see we're part of a a longer uptrend. That's why I left it like this. I didn't want to zoom in too much. I I want to remind you that we're part of a a primary bullish market. So, don't think top. Okay. So we have a discount array in here in form of this wick and this consequent encouragement of this premium wick right there and we have the lower quadrant of this premium wick. So that's where your your levels are going to come from. It's shown over here horizontal line. This line here is this consequent encroment of that premium wick. All right. So we have fair value gap. It dropped lower. Went into that old encroachment of that premium wick on this daily candle. Traded through it, accumulated around it. Polish fair value gap here. Rallies. And then we have the first introduction to my first mention of it in public. I've never taught it before. I've never given it to anybody. This is my ICT suspension block. Okay. And you'll see it with this wick laying over top of it. So you would never look at that as a fair value gap. Not by the definitions of it initially given. This is a bullish fair value gap. But this is not a bullish fair value gap in its classic sense. And if you look real close, there is a volume of bounce at the top and a volume of bounce at the bottom. Even though this wick goes higher, whenever you have one single candle that has a volume of balance to the low and a volume of balance to the high, that is going to act just like a fair value gap. And it does not matter if there's wicks that had already crossed over that to the left of it. Simply don't even worry about it. It's being suspended between two volume imbalances. That's why I named it suspension block. This is extremely strong. It's one of the most powerful and there's more that I'm not going to share, okay? But just know that this is what I'm talking about. I have more stuff. I got more stuff. All these guys here copy and rebranding my stuff. You're never going to see this stuff in anybody else's work prior to me. But it'll be interesting to hear what they call it. But the suspension block is extremely bullish or bearish if it's reversed and it's a down close candle and you have narrative and orderflow moving is lower reaching for liquidity. Here we can see that it's going to be reaching up into 24819 and a quarter. Now you can look at that on the one minute chart. Scrub to the left. You'll see it's part of a volume imbalance. It's just the higher level of it. That's what's that the whole point was that level to me was a a volume imbalance. And because of sake of time and brevity, I didn't include it here. But you can go back and just scrub to the left on your one minute chart and you'll see that keep going back. You'll find that there's a a 24,819.25 volume and bounce. And the the lower level is just below by not by much. It's very small. But uh we trade down into this I'm sorry, trade up into this suspension block, too. Now, I only change the colors here just to show that they're both suspension blocks, but this one's the larger one. And we're going to push this one forward in time. So, the the creation of this is again a volume of bounce at the top, a volume of bounce at the bottom. And it does not matter if there's a wick to the left. So if it looks like it's been redelivered or it's back and forth in the same area, it's still inefficient and it's being highlighted algorithmically because there's a volume of bounce to the lower and the higher end of it. Okay? It's very very easy to spot. If you start scouring through your charts, you're going to see these things and they they never have been noticed by you before. And I promise you there has never been anybody else that's they're all going to pretend. You're going to see these 20-year-olds are going to come out. Yeah, bro. I was doing this. I just never want to teach it in my Discord. I never wanted to teach it in my Telegram channel. You know, I was doing all my students been seeing me do it. I've been calling I've been calling signals and shots with this man for this ask for broker statements proving they did the executions because I can I can do that. They are not going to be able to do that. Okay. So, the bottom line is here we go. We have the bullish suspension block and it trades down to it here and then consequent encroachment over here and then one more time it dives down into it here. Consequent encroachment upper quadrant of it just almost to consequent encroachment but notice the body respecting it here. It trades to the 24,819 and a quarter. This is the run you watch me do. Um the trade was recorded and I shared it on X. Uh I'm not going to put it on YouTube because the full presentation at regular speed was promoted on my uh Twitter or X account. So you can see all that there and where I place the stop and how I manage the trade and whatnot. So the market breaks down, comes back up one more time into another suspension block. See this lower volume of balance, upper volume of balance, but because we had a reversal when we come back down in it's going to act as what? Just like an inversion fair value gap, it changes its characteristic. So it trades up into consequent encroachment, breaks lower fair value gap, digs past the first suspension block, then down into the second one. See that? Then rallies up, supports at the low of this suspension block there. So there's discount sensitivity rallies up discount sensitivity at the high of it rallies volume and balance trades one more time up into the suspension block here. And because it's changed its character to that of being a premium array the body's respecting it here. Look at the bodies. I mean look at that. That's that's technical science. And rise up. Look at the body stopping right there. That's technical science. There's no algorithm. It's buying and selling pressure. I mean I wish I had more time. I have so much fun with this. But it breaks lower, comes back up, consequent encroachment, trades down to the volume of balance and then sends it higher back. Uh these are just the upper and lower quadrants respectively into this suspension block. All right. So moving forward, that's suspension block and the lower green one. I have that here so you can see it in reference. Price rallies away from that inversion pair bay gap was a cibby. Now it's a bullish inversion fair gap. Consequent encouragement sends it higher. finds support at the upper quadrant of the suspension block over here. Completely random. Rallies up, consolidates around the volume of bounce that I told you to look for in the one minute chart to the left. Rallies up, peters out, comes down, and then fizzles out, and it creates the relative equal highs I mentioned at the opening. Um, that was the level I was looking for. That was the first level I talked about. So, whenever I talk about a level, the first mention of it, that's what I'm looking for. So if price is below that, so you know what I'm looking for. I'm looking for something that's bullish. So the market breaks down and then we go into this really ugly back and forth over top the first percent of fair, which I'll annotate in a minute, but just really back and forth. Had no support or affinity for the first percent back up. It just kept sweeping back and forth and that's manipulation. They're watching us. Okay, that's what it is. They're just absolutely watching. They're waiting for me to say something very, very one-sided so that way you all suffer for it. So they go up into the upper quadrant here of the suspension block dive down into the bullish bag gap in here and we're using the lower volume imbalance and the candlesticks low here hits it beautifully with the bodies and then shows the rally away from that and then we're going to move forward in time again. Here's first percent value gap. You can see all the movement back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. And it wasn't until we got around in here where price left the lower half here. We done a lot of uh damage down here on on the downside and aiming for this area here. We finally ripped for it. Breakaway gap trades through it here. And then I mentioned the 24 857 buy side remained. So they came up and hit that Audi stopped right there beautifully and sells off once more back into first percent value gap. Just again no real respect of it at all. Just complete manipulation when when the first percent value gap does not have any kind of sway over the marketplace and you don't see it being respected at all. No no support, no resistance to it, no consolidations inside of it with just the bodies. It's indicating that we're in we're in trouble waters. So you have to just be careful. And I mentioned because the dollar index, gold, and NASDAQ all fell overnight. That's not usually what you see. So it's a decoupling in the marketplace. So it makes it more likely that we're going to have high resistance liquidity run conditions, which is exactly what we had here today. Smart guy in the comment section on X. You learned today, didn't you? So the rally off of the consequent corion over here hit that and then we start to have a little bit of respect over here. Rallies back up goes into a fair value. Got this bearish here and then sells off. Trades back down towards the halfway point of that level there. We dip down to 24,722 and something. I can't remember what the price was. Uh 22 and a quarter. And we have eight. This this should have been uh shaded in orange. That's an inversion fair value gap. That's what I get for rushing. Okay. Hits it here. Fair Bay gap there as well. rallies a little fair value got at the consequent encouragement of the old premium wick right there. See that? And then it rallies up again. No coming back down in and touching the first I got. It's just rallying and then we had uh the old volume of balance 24819.25 25 level, come in again once more and then rise back up and we'll see if it takes out uh the 24,863 level and make a higher high on the day. But all in all, it was very very manipulated today and I gave you the commentary before the market open that it would be like this today. It would be problematic. I gave two liquidity pools. I said look for things that are smooth and obviously the buy side liquidity was mentioned at the 913 and 9:30 one minute highs as I mentioned just a moment ago and that's right here and then I gave the 24,701 I think it was a and25 um th those lows down I liked and if the news at 10:00 would have sent us lower because we were not seeing a whole lot of uh rhyme or reason in what was going on here 10 o'clock news, you want to sit and wait. And it just wasn't giving up anything that was useful. So you there it is. But the first mentioned of any liquidity was this one here I gave you today. And then as it hit it, I said we would go to 24857. Hit that and then gave up the ghost rather aggressively. But just all in all, this if you if you got hurt today, if you had difficulty, um just it's not something it's not a knock against you because this was a very hard read. It was a very difficult read. Not impossible to trade obviously, but very very difficult to read and not not high probability, not clean price action, not obvious PDAs and obvious draw and liquidity and straight runs. This is high resistance liquidity run conditions where it just it's going to frustrate you. It's going to frustrate you. So, one of the advantages of learning on me is identifying the characteristics that lead up to these events because the best skill set you can have as a trader is knowing when not to risk money. All right, I think that's going to be it, folks. I appreciate you guys hanging out. Uh, I tried to get through this as fast. There's a whole lot more I could have said and I guess we'll have to, you know, revisit that over the course of this week. Till talk to you tomorrow, Lord willing. Good luck and good trading.
