================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Focus On Forex & Index Futures September 29, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4KFcDiXD5M
================================================================================

Hello folks, how are you? Happy Monday. This is September 29th, 2025 and this is going to be the first the focus on forex. We're going to take a quick look at the dollar index, Euro dollar, and pound dollar. All righty. So, we're looking at the left hand side. This the daily chart and this premium wick here. That's what I have highlighted. And I showed you the contrast of this last week, this highest high, and then this one in here. So, you want to look at both of those. I'm going to show this one. And you go back to the other chart. And again, the the interactive aspect of this is you actually do this with your own charts, not just simply relying on mine, but you also want to have this one here, the tallest one on the daily chart with the gradient levels like this one is. Okay, so the market made a a rally like we were expecting last week off of the inversion fair value gap that was called for before it even formed. This retracement lower came on the heels of Thursday saying in X post I said be content don't don't look for anything further on the upside. The next day Friday we have an inside day and then we have follow through on the downside. So have a premium wick here. So these darker lines, the blue and the red, uh the red is that consequent encroachment level at 97.937. You can see that here 97.937 and we opened up with Asia's session and London open minor buys on liquidity. So here's London in Asia. So relative equal highs. The market rallied off of that after using a sell side of bounce buy side of efficiency that took out sell side here. That's what this was. They accumulated the stops below there throwing the London open kill zone then rallied shifted market structure came right back down into an inversion fair value. So this cibby changed its characteristic to that of a bullish PDA and you can see how the bodies are pretty much respecting the consequent encroachment. I mean it's a little bit of you know movement below it but ultimately this positive balance also efficiency here and the inversion pair gap held it at bay then it rallied up attacking that Asia and London open buy side liquidity up into a 845 believe it was um last week I can't recall on the last I don't have my note on that day and just go back to 8:45 in the morning and you'll see it. So have it on a fiveminute chart and you'll see that that gap but uh it trades up into that inefficiency breaks lower cibby. So it's a bear bear sphere value gap. Then we break again have a volume imbalance in here. The separation between the two bodies candle or dyslexic today Michael the two candles bodies. Okay. And it trades right back up to the 98.012 which is that level right here. That's the upper quadrant of this premium wick. Again the reason why I'm using that one because it's the tallest one of all these. and hits it perfectly there after completing the return into that volume imbalance here. Then it gave up the ghost broke lower aggressively and then worked this discount wick. Now you do this on your own chart. Okay, put the upper quadrant on that level right there and you'll see where it lays with that. then breaks lower once more trading down into 97.786 which is the low of the premium wick of this candlestick right here and it hits it there and then we go on London close and there it is but the uh the market just basically is consolidating now it's actually and admittedly it's becoming a little bit more tricky while we're inside of this range And what range am I referring to? This high and this low. We're we're like basically in no man's land. So now it becomes a 50/50 higher or lower. So you have to be very very careful when you're trading forex now because we're right back in the middle of the range and it could literally go either direction. That's not what you want to hear, but I'm going to tell you when it's like that, it's hands off to sit still. All right, moving on. This is Euro dollar or fiber a daily chart on lefth hand side and the five-minute chart of Euro dollar or fiber on the right hand side. So you can see we had our old buy outside of efficiency and I did not have this shaded on Thursday's review correctly. I told you I didn't want to do it because I wanted to keep it that green color I had it today. I put it in there to show you an inversion which it acted as here, but it's drawing back up into it today. And that's this shaded area up here. Now, these white lines, all this is is me grading this candlesticks high to that candlesticks low. And I'm only showing the lower quadrant and the upper quadrant. I'm not showing the high or the low of it or the consequent encroachment because this dash line that's used to show the midpoint of any rectangle on Trading View, it's accomplishing that method. So, I don't need to show that and I'm only showing these levels on the five-minute chart and it it's not showing up over here. Okay. So, you can see that this darker color here is this rectangle on the five-minute chart for dollar. All right. So we can see we had sellside liquidity in the Asian session last night and then we rallied up a little bit created relative equal highs for London open kill zone it trades down attacking the sell side here and inside of the buy side balance sellside efficiency bullish fair value got we trade down the lower quadrant overshoot it just by a little bit the body's staying in the upper half that's bullish comes right back up into this sell side imbalance buy sign in efficiency breaks lower small little gap in here. See it traded right there. You want to add these on your chart and then we break lower once more and the body's just dip below consequent encouragement of the pos side efficiency fair gap there and we rally up. Now look at this ready hits the upper quadrant of this inefficiency. So what what I'm doing is I'm taking the fib and attaching it to the low of the fair bag which is that candle's high to that candle's low and the upper quadrant lower quadrant levels are shown respectively here and the upper quadrant hits it dead bang on perfect and then extrapolation to the upside we have a buy side balance sign efficiency after a shift in market structure here and it's a breaker low high, lower, low. See how I'm giving you lots of room for you to add to your chart. Not everything's going to be done for you now, but bullish breaker hits it right there, hammers it nice, rallies up. Another inefficiency here, left open, but it takes the buy side here. Right there, comes back down, hits the old liquidity pool there, rallies up, trades into this old buy side balance, sell side efficiency. That's now we're below. So it's inversion fair value gap and we drop down hit an order block here bullish should order block rallies up falls just a little bit short of the upper quadrant at uh 1.17550 and then it breaks lower notice the bodies are staying in the lower half of this old daily fa then it gives up the ghost breaks lower comes right back up into an old inefficiency here so when this rally and broke lower and rally through throw it again. This right here, just like when you're looking for um uh breakers and that's this was a breaker. So, we have a high low, higher high. When that low is taken out, it becomes a bearish breaker. And you see it traded to here, right there. So, that's a bearish breaker. Well, when you see highs forming like this, when they're reaching up, you want to look for the buy side of balance, sell side efficiencies in there because they will act as inversion fair value gap. About 80% of the time, you're going to see inversion fair value gaps form like that. So, if you're a reversal pattern trader, um turtle suit trader, but don't have the nerve to try to sell above old highs, just wait for it to get into an inversion fair over here on as the, you know, rallies up into it. Look for those last uh one or two bullish fairy gaps when the market's making these highs. Wait for it to break through it and then come right back up into it and then you can sell short there. You don't need to have a huge stop up here. You use a stop loss right there. And that still might be too much for some of you because you want to do 20 contracts, 30 contracts of your funded accounts and just over leverage. That's not how you should trade though. But um anyway, just toss it in there for an extra charge. It breaks lower again and we come back up into here or immediate rebalance, breaks lower once more, consolidates around the old pull liquidity and then goes into rather sloppy price action back into this old buy center sell efficiency. So, uh we have liquidity in here. This has been made jagged there. So, where is it smooth? Right below here. So, just be mindful of that. that and over here this low right pound dollar. We have a daily civvy here. We traded up into that and we broke lower last week. You saw that and we traded down into liquidity here and the low here at uh the lower quadrant of the inefficiency which I don't know why I don't have it anchored properly. I don't know. I don't know where this is anchored at now. I'm thinking about I think I may have um cut it off. I think that's what's happened here. It should be something over here. But uh if you look at your charts, you'll find out exactly what it is. Main thing is where we're at right now. Uh we had a civvy here between these two candlesticks, the high and the low. And that gap we traded up into that. It's not annotated on my chart here, but you want to be mindful of that. And these levels here are the discount gradient levels on this wick on the daily chart. So these very very brown dark lines, that's what that is. And the smaller thinner lines, that's these up here. These are representing this candlestick's discount wick. These darker thicker lines represent this area in here for this discount wick. So this this discount wick and this discount wick is where you're seeing these two sets of gradient levels. The upper one is this one. And you can you can verify by the price legends here where it shows you the label of what each one of those lines represents for price. All right. All right. So had southside liquidity pull here in the London session. So London open up and kill zone. We rallied up broke lower sell side of bounce by side efficiency plus a breaker. So we hit that here. The bearish fair value gap and consequent encroachment. It wicks through just almost filling us in. Leaves a small portion open. Breaks lower takes a sellside there. hits the consequent encroachment of this discount wick right here. That level comes in at 1.34248. 1.34248 hits it there perfectly. Dead bang on. Rallies fair got there trades down into that then rips higher. Takes the buy side here. Retraces once more into this buy sell side efficiency. Look at the bodies. Candlesticks. Second time. I think I'm getting I'm getting old. Ain't I dyslexia? Two times. I'm not editing it out. I don't care. I don't care what you hear. I don't care what you say about it. I want to hear about it. The bodies of these candlesticks, they are staying in the upper half of that. That is that the wicks are allowed to do the damage, but it leaves a small portion open and it rallies up, rips through the buy side here and here and takes us into this discount where this discount wick gradient levels. And you can see that the the low comes in at 1.34534. That's this. And we just fall short during the New York open kill zone getting up into that lower quadrant of this discount wick. We break lower, rally back up into a bearish fair gap and last up close candle before trading lower. That's the change in the state of delivery. That opening price, that's what that is. That's not a demand zone. That's not some buying zone. That's not uh an FU candle. That's not a engulfing candle. That's not what all everybody else wants to call it, okay? It's just simply change in the state of delivery where the goes right back to that, hammers it one more time. It's not mitigating It's not mitigating the order block, okay? Like like some of these guys out there say, it's just they got some of the buzzwords, but they don't have it correct at all. Okay, it sounds like teu ICT, but rallies up, closes in the fair value gap, hits the close of that, I'm sorry, open that candle, closing in the inefficiency, and trading right back to the change in state of delivery. So what that means is price was spooling higher and then once it rotates and trades the other direction you want to see where that last reference point was at that interval which is and here it's 5 minute time frame that opening price carry it forward and you see it hit it right there. Bang. And now every high frequency trading algorithm is start firing looking for shorts. Okay. and they want to get in there as as as much as they can inside this inefficiency and it breaks lower, rips into this inefficiency here, digs through it, sellside below that low, ramps through that small little fat, trades out, fails to get the consequent encroachment, takes us down into 1.04166. That's the low of that candlesticks discount wick or the low of that very day itself. hits it during London close and then back into consolidation for the remainder of the day. All right, we're going to look at this portion. It's the focus on index futures where I'm primarily focusing on Christmas December mini NQ futures or E- mini futures December contract. All right, left-hand side daily chart, right hand side, one minute chart. Okay, one minute showing on regular trading hours. That way it shows you the regular trading hours difference between where we closed at on Friday and where we opened up on regular trading hours at 9:30 Eastern time today, Monday, September 29th, 2025. Over here, uh, last week, as I mentioned, uh, on Twitter or X as they call it now, I said that this candlestick right here, it's discount wick. You want to grade that. And also note that the fair value gap that's formed right here. Go back and look at my ex posts. Okay? I'm not going to handheld handhold it for you and do all the work for you. Okay? If you're going to do the uh the trouble of following me or watching some of my post, go and look at it. What did I say on that on that day? You on Thursday, look at this. Okay? and the market trades down into the upper quadrant inside of that fair value gap and it leaves a small portion between that low and that candlestick's high. It leaves it open and that little Harry Potter meme post at the same time as it hit it hit what that upper quadrant level inside that fair value gap. The Harry Potter wands pointing up up it's going to go up and look at that. Oh my goodness. I got lucky there, didn't I? I got I got really lucky there. It's I don't know. It must have been a coincidence. But then we had this wick again split that in half. That's consequent encroachment. You can see that that's what happened right here. Okay. So on Friday we traded down into that beautifully at 24.529. 24529 even. Hits it there handsomely. It rips back up bullish, but it's an inside day. So here's um Thursday's high, Thursday's low, Friday's high, Friday's low. So it's inside of the previous day's range. So usually when you see that, if you have a directional bias, as I was hinting at, uh it's usually indicative of continuation, could potentially be explosive to the upside in this case. And we had that here. we opened relative to where we closed at here on regular trading hours, it's a huge gap. But where we opened up at 6:00 on Sunday's trading, it wasn't all that terrible in terms of a a separation. It looks a lot more here because it had moved up, you know, from the new start of trading on Sunday all through Asia and then all through London and whatnot to get to the regular trading hours of 9:30 Eastern time. uh this morning. So with all this stuff here, I'm going to zoom in and take us right into this portion and into the right. Okay, so that's what we have here. We have that regular trading hours opening range gap. Okay, so you can see that little box here, it's indicating opening range gap. So where we stopped trading on Friday regular trading hours to where we opened today 9:30 Eastern time regular trading hours regular trading hours right hand side see that so it starts to rally right away we create first presented fair value gap right here then we have another fair value gap there and we reach up in here do a lot of business in here uh we break down potential shift in market structure below that low so that means this might become a inversion for everybody you got and it it does but it spends a lot of time in here. Okay, there's a lot of time distortion wants to lure people in going long looking for this high to be traded back to and this folded over and break it lower. Bearish reclaimed fair gap trades up to it there breaks lower and this buy sell side efficiency it's traded down through it. So we open trade right back up into just short of consequent encroachment. You want to see it fail to touch that if it's bearish. It rips lower, trades into the first percent value got. What was the first percent value got? It was a buy side and bounce sellside sign deficiency or an up close candle. So if we trade down through it, it's going to become what? A premium array in the form of a bearish inversion fair value gap. So it trades up into that here, hits it beautifully, breaks lower, and then takes the sell side below the lows at regular trading hours print. That means that's the low that was given during the entirety of reg trading hours session so far for the day and it drew down into that liquidity hits it consolidates around it and then starts using the opening range high which is the actual opening price here. It breaks lower creates relative equal lows relative equal highs. This bangs around a little bit in here and then rips lower through the upper quadrant, falls short of the subsequent encroachment of the opening range. That's that's what the I don't have that on here. I'm getting disoriented here looking at this. It's 24,816 and that's this premium wick. Okay, premium wick gradient levels. So, I don't have that um that opening range gap created. It's this here. I got confused by looking at it, but uh it trades down to that upper quadrant level right there or falls short of that one rather and it goes through the high of that candlestick at 24,816 right there and then consolidates, you know, into where we're at at the time of this recording. Um the screenshot was taken at 2:00. Just be mindful that this is a little too smooth in here. This is a little too smooth. Um if it starts to, you know, rotate lower, you that that's fine. You know, we'll deal with that in tomorrow's trading. But for right now, just this just seems like it's there's there's a lot of people that want to be short because they want to try to short all-time highs. And if they are up here, they're really ramping down and putting stop losses here. So, it's not hard for it to go up and hit that. But long and short, you know, that's try to avoid going short, okay? Just try to do your best not to do that. If you don't have any experience or you haven't been doing this for a very long time, uh just try to avoid being short in these types of markets because it can hurt you. I mean, you're trading alltime highs and they could just in one day just take off and keep going, keep going, keep going. And every time you try to short it, it'll just tear it'll tear you up. What does it reach for? Okay, we're in electronic trading hours. Notice that lower hand small little city up here. Okay, above this old high, this old order flow in here, it draws up into the inefficiency right before it right there. And that's what it gave up the ghost today and went back down into this premium wick high at 24816. That's 246 24816 there. So, a little bit of a tricky day admittedly. Um, I worked with Caleb today and he did some uh some trades around the first present value gap and we'll just leave it at that. But uh that's going to be it for today and Lord willing I'll be back tomorrow with another review and point out some things that you should be pertinent on or should be pertinent on your travels and discovery in Smart Money Concepts. All right, folks. Thanks for your continued interest and until talk to you next time. Wish you good luck and good trading.
