================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Focus On Forex DXY EurUsd GbpUsd 09/24/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDFZ4p1BI1c
================================================================================

Right folks. All right. So, we're looking at the September 24th, 2025 focus on Forex. The usual suspects, dollar index, Euro dollar, and pound dollar. As a reminder, I I didn't do a review or lecture on the dollar or forex last night, and I stated that we would be waiting for the reaction off of the consequ encroachment of the inversion fair gap I mentioned on Monday night's lecture. So, we're going to review that here and you can see the response after having shared it with you on Monday. left-hand side daily chart. This is the cibby that we looked for uh the market to come back down into and not reach the midpoint and trade into the lower half. This little retracement back down into that area right there is this line here on the five-minute chart. As you can see, it hits it perfectly, stops dead in its tracks, consolidates around it, and runs up. uses the top of it here, shows discount sensitivity, and then starts to rally higher. So, I know that the common folk out there loving to find things to talk about and whatnot and they have to find their place in this world. So, what they've done is is they have tried to say that I've rebranded things that existed before me. Um, you'll never find this in anything. Like, you'll never see this taught anywhere prior to me ever mentioning it. Okay? No inversion for everybody you got. No consequent encouragement. No respect for the upper half. And I say these things because and I want to make this statement that way I don't have to say it again in the videos, but I do it a lot on social media. And here's the reason why. AI, artificial intelligence, okay, when you or anyone else asks questions, you know, who taught ICT? Who is ICT's mentor? Who taught ICT smart money concepts? you what did ICT rebrand? Okay, what it where is it getting the information from? It's going to go out there and hull accumulate all of the chatter online. So, the big push has been, and this is why I was always standing in front of it all the time. The big push is if there's enough of these Yahoos out there constantly putting it out there that I rebranded this, rebranded that. Here's the simplest thing. Whenever you see someone say that, ask for the book. Ask for the page number. Ask for the details how I teach these PDAs and the smart money concepts. Prior to 1996 is when I coined all these things. It never will appear. It ne here's here's even better. 2016 is when everybody started ripping me off because they took my paid mentorship, made their own little mentorships, their dollar menu, and they started doing all these things to try to make a name for themselves. Now, the people that have failed since then, since they couldn't beat me, okay, and they can't, you know, pretend to be like me because there ain't no one like me. The idea is if they can just put it out there in AI enough times, all the chat engines, okay, the chat GBT, the Grock, all those things, they're going to go out and look for the the opinion, the the accumulative opinion of what people are thinking or saying. Listen, public opinion isn't fact. It's just an opinion. Here's the facts. You can't come up with a source that I rebranded from. An order block is not supply and demand. Okay? I don't do anything with Woff. Again, I said this before, I'll say it again. If Woff was alive, he would be watching my videos and taking notes. And that makes some of you mad, but that's simply just the facts. Okay? So, I want you to remember anytime someone says that, ask them to site their source. Where are they getting? Because they never they never ever ever come forward with anything. No documentation, no book, no video, no anything. It's just they keep putting out there because someone else has said it and because everyone's so sensitive. They're so thin skinned and they want to fit in. That's what social media does. It makes you want to fit into a crowd. And that's why we have like a cultlike community here because everybody likes what they're learning from me. It's the cult of winning. And the bottom line is is it's sense of empowerment, feeling like you belong to something. Not just here with me, but anywhere. And that's what social media does. It cultivates that desire in all of us because we don't want to be alone. Well, in trading, you want to be alone. You want to be an island under yourself. Okay. So, I just want to toss this in there. I'm not going to put it in videos ever again. But the bottom line is there's no one that's going to be able to prove that I rebranded anything. All of my stuff, all of my stuff that I say is mine, it's mine. Period. So, you can see it delivering right to the tick. Okay? As I was indicating last week, I talked about this and it was delivering here perfectly on Tuesday and then given it time to expand, it rallies up and in fact it's the short-term little buy side in here trades back into the volume imbalances here. But we're going to look at another portion of price action. These quadrants being added, you can see how it's beautifully holding price in the upper half. That was the condition. I told you the algorithm that doesn't supposedly exist, right? The algorithm is going to keep price in the upper half and not trade in the lower half of a random area in price action that no other retail trader, educator, teacher ever talked about. Period. Now, either I'm very good at predicting the future or I know what I'm talking about because I authored it. This is proof delivering to the tick and then delivering up right out of there. Okay, even giving another kiss right in here before it leaves. Trading higher explosive run up into this premium wick. Okay, so this premium wick is part of this sell bounce by side and efficiency trading above this because we have relative equal highs. So what would be the next PD rate that would go above that? Well, you're going to look at the wick here. And every wick we treat like a gap. And how do we treat gaps? Just like I did down here. We grade them, okay? The high, upper quadrant, consequent quotient, midpoint, lower quadrant, and the low. And no, that is not quarters theory, okay? So, please stop emailing me about that. I have no affinity for it. It's just somebody else trying to do something, saying it was I'm hiding something. It has nothing to do with me, okay? Has absolutely nothing to do with me. And this is what I teach. Okay? It's quadrants on gaps and inefficiencies. Wicks are just like a gap. Okay? So, it's reaching up into this premium wick. You want to have these levels on your chart. That's these levels over here. So, here's the low of that premium wick on this day here. Here's the lower quadrant. And then here's the consequent encroachment. And they've left relative equal highs here. That's rather convenient. And this wick here, this premium wick. Now, why am I picking this one? This one's longer than this one. Let me go back one slide so you can see it. See, it's slightly higher than that one. That's why I'm annotating it. Okay. If we're if we're down here in the intraday portion of the day like like here and it's going to trade up higher. I don't want to just simply use this one when this is a lot more range. Well, not a lot more, but it's more range by contrast to this range. And they're right next to each other. So, which one am I going to use if I'm going to be using any gradients on a wick? This one. It's the higher reaching one. So, that's why this is being used here. You can see that the bodies are being respected. of the low of that premium wick and then the bodies are accumulating around here as well inside of a fair value gap. Then it rallies up. It comes back down and touches the high of it and then sends it in here. So there's an overlapping of these quadrants that need to be transposed into your lower time frame charts like a one minute chart. When here's here's the part where you write down your notes, folks. If you see a quadrant or a PD array that has gradient levels in it too, if that is sitting right with a PD array like a fair value gap, an order block, a breaker, it supercharges the the likelihood that it's going to be very sensitive. And if you apply time, what time of day? What day of week is it, you know, is it a macro time? It further increases the likelihood that it's going to be moving in what you would expect based on your analysis. Now, it doesn't equate to profitability because just because you can read price action, just because you can time the market doesn't mean that you can manage yourself or manage the risks of money management or trade management. It just means that doing these types of things will help make you better at tape reading, which is what I promise everyone. you will get better at reading the tape, reading the market live, watching what it's doing. But I can never promise any of you being profitable because there's a big barrier between knowing how to read price action correctly and accurately and profitable trading because you bring to the table lots of baggage. Everybody does some kind of a um hindrance, not trusting yourself, not feeling like you are deserving of it. um overconfidence, lack of confidence, ego, you know, this fear and greed, all these things and it could be many more things, but that's going to be the barrier. So, I've always maintained the consistency of reminding you that I can't prom and no one can either. So, it's not like someone can just slide on and say, "Oh, I can take that over for you, ICT." No one can promise you profitability. Guaranteed you they can cannot do it, folks. I promise you. Because if they could, they would be the biggest name in the industry. They would be the biggest name in the industry if they could guarantee that you're going to be profitable using their stuff. And I like to think of myself as having superior intellect in terms of how to read price action against everyone else. And I can't do that. So if I can't do that with the most superior concepts in the marketplace, nobody else is going to do that either. And you're welcome to find them. You're welcome to put them to the test, okay? But they're not going to be able to do it for you. I promise you that. All right. So here we're looking at again just moved forward in time a little bit in the same day here. Um the market reacted off of that inversion pair value got right here and we'll start putting in the PD race. Here's London open kill zone, New York open kill zone and the London close. Okay, so it's kind of like caps day for forex. I don't really like to look at anything in the afternoon the afternoon hours post noon time eastern time for forex or dollar index it's just there might be some moves then it might be simply just related to FOMC you know rate announcement stuff but generally there's really no real interesting price moves for me after 12:00 noon okay so if you're a forex guy or gal you like to you look at these markets and you are ever wondering what it is I'm considering in the afternoon I I'm considering anything, you know, I I'd be focusing on index features and in my paid mentorship, I taught just like that. So, it's not like it's a new flavor for me now. It's always been that way. All right. So, here is the PD raise. We have a bullish fair value gap, institutional orderflow entry drill, which is where it goes in just a little bit, but fails to even go to halfway or consequent encroachment. We have a breakaway gap here, and then we have the bullish fair value gap with the institutional orderflow entry drill. Again, once more, just trading in but not hitting the consequent encroachment halfway point. Bullish fair value gap here accumulates around the bounce current encroachment level hits the high but here sends price currenting higher into the premium wick look at the price over here 97649 that's this one here that's this wick low that's the low of that premium wick so once it trades into this here it comes back down in that's the upper quadrant of that premium wick and now it's a fair value you got touching it as well and it's also during a macro time hallelujah thank you Jesus there you go okay you got another unicorn in your repertoire now rallies higher can't find that in any kind of textbooks either but they're going to put it on Amazon books I promise you before Christmas there'll be dozens of books out there teaching what I'm teaching right now and they'll still be short on the information so the runs up into the high of the premium wick here which is 97.823. That's this here. And then we get into this premium wick. Okay. Now, a quadrant of that is 97861. That's here. And then fall short of reaching the consequent encroachment, but leaves relative equal highs here. Rolling over into Euro dollar. I'm going to save a little bit of time because I have to do a futures focus on futures video. I'm keeping them separate because I'm trying to get a feel for the community. Um where like where is the majority of the interest? Is it isn't in in Forex still or is it now in futures or is it B equal? It's something I'm trying to get a feel for. So, you know, whatever you guys are watching, I know some of you watch both because you just want to hear what I'm talking about. But the hardcore forex guys, they're just they're not interested in seeing futures. And I get it. I understand. But this is something I'm trying to get more data from. So here's Euro dollar daily chart on the lefth hand side. This was a buy side bounce sell sign efficiency. But when price trades down and through it, this becomes a inversion fair value. That's why the shade is orange. Whenever you see an orange rectangle on my charts, if it's an uplo candle that I'm anchoring to, okay, this is a buy sign balance sell efficiency and price is below it. I'm expecting this to act as an inversion fair value gap. That's that's basically what I'm saying. And the market trades up into here outside the box a little bit and then breaks aggressively lower during today. And that was on the basis of a higher dollar that was called last week. I said I was bullish. I wasn't wishy-washy. I said until it proves by going down lower through a inversion fair value gap that I'm going to stay with it being bullish. You can check me on that. Go watch the videos from last week and then watch Monday's video. But the uh the market crashes lower on Euro dollar on a higher run on dollar index. Now inside of that inversion fair gap I already have the gradient levels and I have this discount wick graded as well. And then we have the old inefficiency down here that I mentioned uh last week. So here is the London open kill zone for Euro. The market breaks lower after creating a fair value gap institution or entry drill there during the London open kill zone trades lower accumulates shorts around the consequent encouragement of the inversion fair value gap you can see that here that red line just check the chart over here at the price and you'll see it's this area in here so inside this daily range price is now sitting right here at that moment is yet to do any of this price action but then we break away with this gap here. It's leaving a consolidation in consequent encroachment of a higher time frame PD. So any gap left there, that's an easy way of classifying it as a breakaway gap. I just answered a lot of your questions. You guys asked me, how do you know about notice uh and annotating specific gaps and calling them breakaway gaps? This is one of those things right here. Okay, this is the stuff you're supposed to put in your journal. This is what you're supposed to write down. This is also what you're looking for all the time when you go through your analysis. Look for gaps that are inside consolidations or midpoints of higher time frame PD arrays. Again, not found in retail books. They'll talk about a breakaway gap after it's happened. It's it sells books. It sold books for a long time over the last few decades, but nobody's going to tell you but me. They're going to say nothing about what a breakaway gap is during real-time price action. But I've done that. I've done it on live streams. I've done it on Twitter. I've called it live and Telegram. I've done all these things. Okay? So the idea here is we see like the the market trade lower into the lower quadrant trades through it and then we have a civby here sell side of balance buy sign in efficiency. We have the institutional orderflow entry drill where it goes up and not fa it fails to get to midpoint consequent correction from the fair value gap breaks lower comes right back to the low of that inversion fair value gap. So we're trading right here at this price on the daily range right there. Okay. And the market starts going lower, creates another fair value gap, respects the consequent encroachment, and then breaks lower once more. CBY fair value gap, trades up to consequent encroachment again, and moves into this old inefficiency here in the green rectangle. We trade down to the low of it twice, comes back to the high of it. Okay, this is not classic support and resistance, folks. It's trading inside of an inefficiency during the New York open kill zone. Creates the high, trades lower. We have an immediate rebalance here. breaks lower, trades to the high of this discount wick, and then we trade to the lower quadrant here. That's this point right there. No. All right, continuing on with the British pound versus US dollar or cable. lefth hand chart is the daily chart and the five-minute chart is here on the right hand side. So on the lefth hand side we have this cibby here that I've graded and I didn't put any color on it because there's no there's no need for it. You can see the levels up here and then we have this fair value gap and I have this discount wick annotated, this discount wick annotated and this discount wick annotated. Okay. So, when you're looking at the lower time frame chart, anytime you see these levels here, all you have to do is look at the price, okay? These prices will tell you where you're at in proximity to the daily range and where you're at intraday. So, that way you're not going to get lost in the sauce. Okay. So, the market opens up inside that fair value gap. All right. So with it trading in the opening of that fair value gap that's bearish while dollar is bullish that's going to cause euro and pound to fall against the dollars rallying we have a London open kill zone sellside bounce by side efficiency institutional orderflow entry drill and then once more we trade back to it here so because I didn't want to have to cram in any kind of annotations there because I want to do it in one chart and be done uh I didn't annotate here but it's institutional or entry entry drill here and then we have the low tagged one more time of that fair value gap trades lower but also notice it's hitting it at at the same time it's consequent encouragement inside this inefficiency right here. So that price is 13506. 13506 is right in here. Okay. So the upper quadrant is 13574. That's this right here. So we opened traded higher and then went lower. This is during the um like the Asian session going into midnight area time. It doesn't show it on the chart because I want to have the whole run of the day from London session down. So I got this running there for a second. Just bear with me. I'm getting old. Okay. The fair value gap here trades up into consequent encroachment there. breaks lower accumulation around the low of that inefficiency of daily wick and that price comes in at 13487 two right here and right now we're in the daily range at this level here but it's right there and we trade away from it come back up hit it once more break lower we have a bullish fair value gap here that we went back and forth through and now we're below it trades back up to it here so it's an inversion fair value gap. Note the color. Then we have a sell side of balance buy sign efficiency here. Fair value gap. The bodies are respecting that and only stabs up just to get the inversion. Fair value gap breaks away here. So this is a measuring gap. It never filled it in again. And this is a bearish order block. We're breaking lower, but look at the overall run. This is about halfway from this high down to that low. So measuring gaps always about halfway and we're trading into now this inefficiency by the discount wick. We trade down low, hit the high of it, trade a lower quadrant, come back up to the high, hit the order block, which is a change in the state of delivery. Change in the state of delivery is the opening price of an upclose candle. It was rallying here. the algorithm changes gears and anything at that price or lower it will spool and reach for lower discount or sell side. So have a another inversion fair value gap. We have a bullish fair value gap that we trade down through. We trade back up to here reject and go lower during the New York open kill zone. We come out of that discount wick and now the next one would be in here. That's this level's here. So we have a small little fair gap. Trades to consequent encroachment there and then dips down into the upper quadrant. Doesn't quite get to the consequent encroachment which is the midpoint of this wick down here and it rallies up to the lower quadrant of this level here at 134 573. And that's the level right here right to the tick. Look at that at this is better than pivots folks. Okay? I promise you floor pivots they might work sometimes but when you comp you you basically compress everything I've taught about reading price action and including time and then you add these things to it. This is how you use inefficiencies in the wicks. Okay, I'm focusing this portion of the mentorship with just this principle here because it answers a lot of the questions you've had looming for years. How do you know which one this is what I'm doing? This is exactly what I'm doing. Okay? No, it's not Enigma. No, it's not in any other retail stuff. I didn't learn it from anybody else. No one else taught it to me. Okay? But this is what you're looking for. You're looking for a blending and a confluence of PDA rays and time. And if it happens to occur inside of old discount or premium wicks of candlesticks, you're going to have wonderful odds in your favor of seeing price action move like you want it to. Now, the problem is is you're going to either overstay your welcome, stay in the trade too long, or just not have the confidence enough to do anything with it. And that's just going to be the ball's in your court for that. You have to determine where you go. But the I can only just teach you how to read it. And you have to practice and learn how to do it better. But then the market just consolidates around the the low of that inefficiency right here. It's a beautiful sell off from this fair gap here down to a discount wick. Notice we didn't even have to break the range going into this low. See that? So, it's trading inside the range of what that candlestick's low and that candlestick's high. See, it's it's a whole lot more going on than what you think. And like this is the reason why I never run out of information or teaching concepts because it's vast. Like I could literally teach every single day for 4 hours and never run out of the teaching. I would run out of life before I would run out of teaching because there's so many things you can do. And once you understand the freedom that my concepts give you, all you have to do is find something that makes sense to you. What time of day can you trade? What market do you like to trade? What what PD arrays can you see? You only need one. I mean, look at all the ones in here. See, the problem is is you want to look at the ones up here or you want to be up here near the high in the open, which is not even shown in the chart here. Think about it. Like the highest point this uh price scale goes is 1.3515 and and that's right in here. it's not even getting up to the the fair value gap which you can look in Asians um into the midnight hours or so. You can see that forming that portion of cables high. So have that in your journal. But I'm focusing primarily on this because I just want to talk about the London session going into the New York session and then going down into the London close where it creates the opposite end of the daily range which is what you saw down here. There it is. So, anything that's formed a low in in this period here, I'm going to be content with that probably being very close to the low if I'm bearish. And I told you last week I'm bullish on dollar. I told you what I was looking for, exactly what price level I was looking for. The consequ encouragement of that inversion fair value gap that hadn't even formed yet. Find that in these dollar mentor uh dollar mentorships that are going around here. They're not even calling it ICT anymore. They're using my language still. They're using my terms, but they don't ever say anything about it's ICT. Okay? You will judge them by their fruits. If they cannot do it like I tell you and show you, they can't teach it. They can only talk about like yesterday's news. Okay? I'm I'm the weather man. I'm telling you what the weather's going to be tomorrow and the next day and the next day out. They're telling you what the headlines are about yesterday. They're telling you who won the football game yesterday, who who's who's going to the World Series because this was the outcome of this game or that game. Okay? I'm not doing that. I'm telling you in advance where it's going to go. And I'm using higher time frame charts because I've had so many complaints over the years that all I talk about is these lower time frames. Well, I'm teaching both right now, how to blend both. Whether you want to stay on the higher time frame daily or you want to use the lower time frames, it doesn't matter. You have now a balanced perspective of it. Right folks, hope you got something out of this one. If not, I don't want to hear about it. I'll talk to you next time. Be safe.
