================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Trading Premarket and Regular Session Liquidity
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dA2CHAN1DzY
================================================================================

Welcome back folks. Today is September 18th, 2025 and today's session is going to be about trading pre-market and regular session liquidity. All right, so we're looking at the NASDAQ here on the lefth hand side as a daily chart. As you can see, everything I've been teaching so far this week has been panning out to script. And the right hand side chart is a one minute chart intraday for today's price action. So I want to take your attention to this candlestick here. This is a premium wick. Now I mentioned in the first session Tuesday because Monday was a patience lesson. I didn't post anything that night. But Tuesday, I posted about how the rules for when you're trading all-time highs or near all-time highs. You need to be grading all of the premium and discount wicks here. That's two days ago. So, when I said in the notes to cut through candles, just go over top of this candle like it's not even there and go right to it. It doesn't matter if there's five days, it doesn't matter if there's four days, if it's one day. you look back during the series of the run in the all-time highs or near all-time highs in close proximity to where you're trading at now. If there's any premium wick or discount wick, you need to grade it and we run the fib on it. So, it gives us the 25, the 50, and the 75 level. It's not really that important to have the high and the low. You can have that. I just do it this way because it keeps the chart clean. It helps me also when I'm trying to illustrate the things to you because there's less things to look at. One of the hardest things for me to do is to manage the information I'm trying to share because there's a lot of it coming at you. And I know many times you're wondering why did I pick this level? Why did I pick that level? And when I keep as little as I possibly can while exercising my experience by teaching it, it helps me focus on the things that I know are salient, but also keeps a lot of the things that you may would otherwise be asking about. Why didn't you use this candle? Why didn't you talk about this? Because these are the things that I used. Okay? So, I understand by repetition and experience, you'll get that same experience by spending time with me doing this. But if you're just watching this and you're not annotating the charts or the PDFs I'm sharing, if you're not printing them out or like typing over them or writing by hand observations, things that you are seeing, repeat things that are noteworthy for you in your present development, then you're wasting your time if you're not doing it. because just simply watching me being a spectator of what I'm showing and then using as you saw today. Um I shared the the recording of me doing the short this morning. It was an Enigma trade and I just toss that out there because I have had a lot of people emailing me asking me, "Does this person know your Enigma algorithm? Does this person know? Does this per No, they don't know." Okay. Uh, and the proof was that again today that I was selling at the high, which you'll see right in here, and then writing it down into a liquidity pool I shared beforehand on X. So, you want to grade those premium wicks. And I didn't have this graded because it would it would basically undermine everything that I was anticipating which has been expansion to the upside looking for higher highs as we were noting on Tuesday night in the first lecture this week. So this dashed line here is this dash line here on the one minute chart. Okay, just check it over here. 24,647 and a quarter. 24,647 and a quarter and then in the upper quadrant of this wick. Okay, the only thing we've done here is lay the fib on this candlestick's body to the high, noting the 75, 50, and 25% levels. The upper quadrant level of this wick comes in at 24,619 even. That's this level right here. And that's going to be pertinent in a a few minutes, but for right now, that's all you need to know. And these levels are no longer important for the rest of this uh production. But I'm keeping it here so that way you can track where everything is. When it's salient, I'll just highlight this one purple. And I'll remove these to draw your attention to what it is I want to show you. All right. So, we have pre-market start. Okay. Okay, so this is pre-market session start or open at 7:00 a.m. That's what the equities market is. And you can see how we had this really obvious smooth edged buy liquidity pool left there. And I mentioned on a very short little vignette, and I'm not going to include it here cuz it's for people that watch and follow me on X, uh, how I found this run here up into that liquidity pool. So everything above these relative equal highs, all of this in here was retail getting trapped offside and then they were going to drop it. I know you're going to ask me how did I know that? Because it's Thursday. Thursday is the day right before Friday obviously and the week ends and we can't trade anymore after 5:00 on Friday. So, when we have a really bullish week, as we've seen so far this week, it tends to create these either the high of the week forms on Thursday or it'll create these fake highs of the week and then it'll come back raging and blow out the high like it did today. So, I like to look for scenarios like this where they prime the market so retail sees as resistance. They drop it down so they think it's going to go lower. Then they run up here and gather all the buy stops that they left here trying to short it pre, you know, prematurely. So all of these little runs in here is just them accumulating short positions to trade down to the lower quadrant of that premium wick. Find that at okay. It's not there. So when price ran above this high here, I was really interested in seeing that as a short. Why? Because we were going into the 8:30 you news injection where we have volatility flood the market and it's all during a time when I anticipate this being manipulation and accumulating short positions by smart money which will be distributed lower offsetting here at minor sell side at pre-market session sell side and having an expectation of lower prices on a day when you're primarily bullish. You have to know exactly where you want to get out at. Otherwise, you'll marry the idea and and stay too long. So, I I elected to use this while I was making breakfast this morning. I was recording the trade and entering it, managing it and and given commentary over the phone. Okay. So, you saw that it's been shared on X and it's also uploaded to YouTube. I'll include the the link to watch that video um in the the comment section of this very video here. So, continuing on here, we're going to move a little bit forward in time. So, this is the pre-market session start or 7 a.m. the consolidation around the buy side where it accumulates it. And then right before the 8:30 news, they rally it up, taking out this short-term high and this high here. I want to be selling short right there. Even if it stops me by running higher, it doesn't matter to me. It's just a one of those things where you're wrong. But everything here was suggesting because it's Thursday, they primed the market, you know, early on in London and then 7:00 they ran it up, did not break it down here, kept holding it. 8:30 as we approach that. That's going to be the next wave of basically a price run. So, we have one starting at 7 o'clock. It ran into the liquidity. I outlined that on the little video. Boing X and then at 8:30 we're going to see a more significant intermediate term price run intraday. Then we have that here. Market breaks down. It consolidates and spends a little bit of time in here and finally gives up the ghost and trades lower. hits the first minor sellside liquidity pool and then trades down to the pre-market session sellside liquidity pool which I was looking for. There's a smaller little tiny little sellside liquidity pool but it's not worth mentioning here because it's so close to where this is. So this is the only one that's really noteworthy for your annotations and that buyside liquidity pool I just highlighted over here so that way you can reference what this was all about. So time and then price and then liquidity. Where is it going to draw to? Here and then draw down to here. And moving forward, you can see this was a reclaimed bearish fair value gap. As I mentioned during the recording, I highlighted and showed that's why it was pausing in here. So this is time distortion inside of this fair value gap that we went above once we got back down below it. Now, this is a reclaim. It's not an inversion fair value gap. It's resuming its original characteristic at the formation of it, which is a cibby, which is bearish. If you trade back up to it, well, we're trading up to it here. It's consolidating, and there's a smaller little one inside this little area right in here. This pre-market session by side liquidity pool was created in all this consolidation. And that's right there is where I was going short. You can see it in the recording. market breaks lower. There's a small little fair value gap in here right at that low. Really nice little drive up into that. And then this is also an inversion fair value gap which later on after the the regular trading session begins at 9:30 it trades up into that. I'm showing you where I entered short. I added all in here inside that reclaimed bearish fair value gap and then it broke lower and then the limit order which is what you watch in the recording gets filled here now. Why didn't I hold for this objective or this objective if I'm going to sit here and talk to you like I'm sounding so smart right? Well, it's going against the underlying macro direction on the daily chart. So, I know I'm going against the grain. So, I want to be nimble and pick a lowhanging fruit objective to get out at. That means the pre-market session sell side of the coding pool, the low here. That's the easiest thing to reach for and it's a no-brainer. It it really offers a good reward. The risk was m you minor compared to the reward here. And it's high probability. It's not high probability to see it drop like this and expect it to trade down to the previous days. Well, not the previous days, but Monday's high, which is right here, or reaching down into the upper quadrant level of this wick, which would be this level here. So, notice while I got out here, it dropped down further, but then failed to get to that level there, which is this candlesticks high of that premium wick. So, by it not getting there and then retracing all the way back up and all this messy price delivery, I say that with tongue and cheek, but it reaches up into inversion fair gap and then comes back down and takes out these relative equal lows, digs into that upper quadrant level right here during the regular trading session. So, here's that regular trading session start time. We have a minor sellside liquidity pool here relative equal lows and then we have this minor buy side liquidity pool which watch what it's doing here while it's consolidating at 9:30 it drops down first that's a fake out then it drives up into the inversion fair value gap trapping what breakout artists that want to be buyers then they rake them across the coals to take out the sell side here and dig into this candlesticks high that daily high the dash line and then into the upper quadrant level of this premium wick, which is this 24,619. Once it trades there, then is a rejection away from that, then we have a nice little sugar rush where it runs right back over top of everything that was given and attacks the remaining stops here. Why? Because the market's primarily bullish. I mentioned this on Tuesday. Avoid when we're in all-time highs, avoid trying to pick the top. This is classic classic bait and switch. This is exactly what they do all the time. And they come back down and touch that old daily high. That's this high here. Retraces lower, then rallies and straight drive all the way up to clear this liquidity over here. Notice these quadrant levels in here. It trades up into the lower quadrant of this bas efficiency which is the inversion pera. So it hits that here as the opening range high. It drops down, hits the objective of the upper quadrant of the premium wick on the daily chart there, and then find support and discount sensitivity at this candlesticks high, the wick high, and then it starts to rally. This is the first presented fair value gap. I'm showing with the volume and balance here. And there's a small little volume and balance in there. Project that forward. We trade through it, come back down, use it as a discount array, and then sends it higher. Now, I've taken away the other quadrants on that premium wick as I mentioned earlier that I would and changed it to like a purple color. And that's it right here. So you can see clearly it drops down into that inside this range of the daily candlestick. You can't see what's going on but all of this is the architecture of that daily range being fulfilled and it rallies up and clears the buy side and again everything back as it is because I want to keep it on the chart and the news driven by side liquidity pool which is here gets taken out. rubbing forward. Fair value gap here is an inversion fair value gap. I'm going to go back up one so you can see what that is. Take a look at the price. Okay, around 24740. That's this one here. That reclaimed bearish fair value gap. I'm extending that forward. Okay, that's exactly what's going to happen here. And that's this one right here. So, what I'm showing you now inside of this box, I'm delineating at 10:00 a.m. When the market's bullish, the lunch macro will look for sellside liquidity when it's bullish. And the way you do it is you find 10:00 in the morning and you walk forward until you see a prominent swing low or the obvious one since 10:00 a.m. That's this one right here. You see that? So, lunch macro will seek sellside formed after 10:00 a.m. So, it's the first prominent sellside liquidity pool after 10 a.m. That's what it'll reach for. That's this one right here. So, we have a drive higher off of that inversion fair value gap that takes out the buy side here. Now, the lunch macro because we're approaching what time? 11:30. It'll start running for the lunch macro. The algorithm will pull back into the range and seek that liquidity right there. So it's lunch macro sellside liquidity and the buy side here. It runs that first. We have a fair value gap here. It's bearish. Trades up into here. Hits the consequent encroachment of that gap perfectly then breaks lower. There's a small little inefficiency that you'll see when we zoom in here. This is a volume imbalance with this candlestick volume of balance there. So that's these two lines are being I didn't want to have two rectangles shown. That's why I show it as a small little line segment versus two rectangles close to this one and this one. Anyway, a small little fairag there. And it it'll look much more obvious when I zoom in. But for now, I want you to look at what this is. You see that? Look at that. So, not only is it a launch macro sellside liquidity pool retracing into the daily range, but all over here to down here, watch all of this. We're going to zoom into this. This is a fractal. We're going to zoom into that. You're going to see it's my ICT market maker cell model. low accumulation, reaccumulation, smart reversal, lowrisk cell, distribution, redistribution, second stage. That right there is the best run lower and it'll quickly deliver to the standing liquidity or pending orders below that low. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. And then it pulls back up into the range that was created from here and here and basically became something I'm not interested in the rest of the day. All right, US dollar, as I mentioned last night, uh it would need to trade higher and then use the inversion fair value gap here that I don't have in the right color. I apologize, but I'm trying to keep it. So, it's reminding as soon as I see it, it's a forex pair or dollar based. And that's what we're we're looking at here. So, the market rallies off, comes above and look at the same quadrants I told you to have on your chart last night. Look what we did at midnight. We rallied up. We dropped down. Perfect delivery. Look at the Look at that. This is beautiful. Rallies up to the consequent encroachment. Then drops down. Colors outside the lines. Accumulates with the bodies right here on that lower quadrant level. That's the lower quadrant of the range between this volume and balance and that volume and balance there. That candlestick's open and that candlestick's closed. That's what we're measuring. put your fib on that on your daily dollar index and post the 2575 and the 50 level respectively and you'll get these levels here on a fiveminute chart. You can see it rallies up. Look at the body's respecting consequent encroachment. Look at the candlestick right here on the upper quadrant and then it sends it accumulates more small little pause that the body's respecting the high of that inefficiency and then rallies up taking out this high. If you measure the the low to this high here and do your standard uh 0.5 level negative uh you'll get around this high here as a swing projection which is kind of cute but the sensitivity here okay these are not pivots okay this is nothing in here is white off nothing in here supply and demand nothing's Elliot wave nothing is hir none of that stuff this is to simply looking at inefficiencies and measuring them and looking at them as the algorithm will. And I'm sorry if that's a hard thing for you to swallow, but that's just the truth. And then on the Euro dollar, I mentioned how we ran up here, hit that weekly um relative equal highs. The market has pulled back and we have this gap in here that's being measured with these gradient levels, the lower quadrant, consequent encroachment in the upper quadrant. And then I measured this premium wick here, which is not useful at the moment. I just have it on there because I want to have it in case we see some kind of movement up into these levels again. So, don't don't look at this thinking that I'm trying to indicate anything with it while it was here. These these are created when the run up happened, but now I have them on my chart. So, if we go back up into that range, they'll be salient to me at a later time. Over here, this was practical for today because it had already been formed two days ago, 3 days ago. So, or two days ago. Yeah. We have the run here at 2 a.m. creating the sell liquidity pool. High runs the high out. So, there's a buy side liquidity purge there. And here's venom rally up one candle. Remember I told you only takes one, but it can be a number of candles up here. And then you have a single pass candle down. So, up and down. And then we trade up into that candlestick right there. That's venom. Beautiful. sells off inversion fair value gap there hits it hits it again don't don't look at these levels right now because they're not pertinent for this period these are only salient and also there as a result of this premium wick forming today we have a fair value gap here breaks down consolidation in here measuring gap breaks lower institutional or entry drill which is a gap that only has one little candlestick pop above it like that. Doesn't even go to halfway point, breaks lower aggressively, takes the sell side and trades down into the fair bay gap between these two candles here on this one up close candle. Trades down to it there beautifully there and then trades back into the middle of the range of this gap between these three quadrant levels right here. So, that's what I got for today. Hopefully you found it insightful. Thank you for your continued interest. Until I talk to you next time, I wish good luck and good trading.
