================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - EurUsd & NQ Futures June 11, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxT_b32UsB0
================================================================================

Good morning folks. How are you? So, it's a brief little update as to what I see. I have not been able to spend much time looking at price action over the last few days. I had uh family matter come up that my wife and I are having to deal with. So, with all that said, this is the NASDAQ is a daily chart. And if you recall, check your notes. If you've been following along on X and all the analysis and commentary I've been giving and guidance for this specific index, NASDAQ, I mentioned that we were looking for higher prices. We're continuously looking for higher prices and ignoring the uh the natural tendency to want to pick a top. If a top comes, we'll know it. But uh right now, it just keeps on trying to reach higher. And I want to show you again when price was down here, we were looking at the likelihood of drawing up into this imbalance, this wicks consequent encroachment and then this cibby here ultimately drawing up to this high and then all-time highs. Okay, so those are the levels that are salient to me that I mentioned and I not just mentioning it for the first time here, but it's been drugg out over top of about 2 months worth of data. And this wick, this constant encroachment of that half of that wick is what's being highlighted here. Now, if you look real close, it looks like it gets blurry. It's because there's another level there. We'll see it in a moment, but I just want you to see that there's a component of that occurring. So, just before I drop down, I want to make sure that this is going to show up on all time frames. And it looks like we're good to go on that. Okay. All right. So, today we have CPI number and tomorrow we have PPI and all kinds of stuff going on around the world. So, it's a it's a Molotov cocktail basically. Um, you should not be trying to trade aggressively as I mentioned on X. I just want to toss it in there right now. And just know that um we're in the summer months with all kinds of volatile events around us both domestically here in the states which you know as a kind of like a reminder and like a all points bulletin. If you are in the states be careful this weekend. Okay. There's a lot of things that some nefarious individuals and entities are scheduling you to run a muck this weekend. So um it looks like rain. So bring your umbrella. We have this buy and balance outside deficiency here on June 3rd 2025 2025 and then the market has reached up use this down close candles opening price which is changes the delivery my order block. You can see that there. And then we drew up into this wick as I said we would do weeks and almost a month ago wicked so far. But look at all the overlapping of these candlesticks in the previous days ranges. So this is a lot of time being spent in here. So my perspective is this in brief. They're trying to retail is trying to short this and they just keep pressing it higher and higher and higher. Okay. Uh CPI and PPI number may deliver us into this fair value gap here. And I would be content with that if it was something that I was in the market. If I was in there actively holding a position. I don't have an open position right now. Uh but I would be looking for it to trade up in here. And if it did, I'd be content with moving to the sidelines and just relaxing. Okay. and try not to press too hard because the climate we're in right now is not conducive for low risk but rather high probability of you being incorrect. Okay, so professionals don't like to push the the edge in those kinds of environments because the only thing it does is it dulls your edge needlessly. And uh this wick down here is consequent encouragement. So it dropped down in there opened there and then rallied up. So, we're going to take this information, drop all the way down into a one minute chart because it's already getting too long in the tooth here. And I just remembered that I did not add the uh levels I wanted to talk about. So, let's go back to that real quick. I know it's so unprofessional. guy. He says he's been doing this for 33 years. He act like he's doing it for the first time. All right. So, we're going to draw from this high up to this low. Okay. So, there's your February 24, 2025 daily CBI. Okay. This candlestick's low to this candlesticks high. The fib levels in here. Watch these these lines in here. See, there's one there. And then this one here, which says anchored to that. If I go to the fib and highlight the negative 0.5 level that will take us right up into consequent from that wick. Okay. So, essentially, what is that? 981 even or thereabouts. So we'll see it when we get down lower time frames. So now we have the quadrant levels in here and that expansion boundary where it can trade outside of that range of that civvi. It's basically the same principle I taught with -1 and.5 for the opening range gaps. Okay. So uh that principle is universal. So it's half of and or a replication of a range. Those are usually the the the easiest go-to demarkers for when we're in a consolidation or a defined range of any kind, a half of that range or one standard deviation or full basically a measured move type measurement of whatever that range high and low is. Whatever it is, it's either going to move outside of it by half of its range or one full measurement of its high to low range. And again, if you watch any work on my opening range ideas, you you'll know what I'm talking about. So, let's drop down now into the one minute chart in this video. That's not supposed to be so long. All right. And then we'll crunch this up. And this is the business for where we may Oops. I shouldn't have done that. There you go. This is what I have here. And see, by being organized with your annotations, uh, it'll tell you when you're in the lower time frames what this is. All right. And then the lower quadrant on that February 24, 2025. It's Monday's trading. So we have the low of that daily on the 24th of February. Notice we have not traded down there. We got down to the lowest quadrant here and then we traded down into that order block. Look at the daily chart and you'll see what that level is right there. Okay, trade up to the high of the 24th of February's CBI and then back down to that order block. Traded just outside of that range of that daily. Then back down into the upper quadrant, then up to that negative0.5 level, which is also the consequent encroachment of that premium wick. And it's also negative 0.5 of the daily sippy on February 24th, 2025. Now, for someone new that already has your head spinning, you have no idea what I'm talking about. But I promise you, if you watch the video a few times, there right now it's only been a couple minutes, like 8 minutes or so, you'll see what I'm talking about, how these levels are converging, and it also takes out this little high here. So notice that we've basically just used the levels I told you to watch on the weekend before the week even started trading and just reacted off of these quadrant levels rather nicely. Consolidated around it. Judith swing pumped it up, dropped down order block, lowest quadrant of the February 2024. I'm saying 2024. I thought I said that. Now, I'm certain I messed up earlier. February 24th of 2025's daily cibby. That's what these levels are marking. These are the this is the consequent encroachment, midpoint of it, upper quadrant, and the high of it. So, we reached up into a convergence of consequent encroachment levels. Okay, clustering there. And now we're using the high this morning in in London of the daily civby on February 24th of 2025. Rallied up and I want to drop into right now. And to me, these lows are suspect. So, they can come back down in here on the uh the CPI number cuz sometimes CPI can be a one r oneway railroad just runs right over top of one direction. Sometimes it can be a two-stage delivery where it could drop down, take a liquidity here. And since I'm primarily bullish, um I'm risking and weak on dollar. So, I don't think the dollar's going to go higher. there reason for the dollar to go higher. so many things against that right now and I believe gold's going to go higher and if you take a look at silver I mentioned last year in the fall months and summer told you all they'll start really adding on to metals and while silver was being consolidated and held uh it's recently you been allowed to trade higher I don't think that's done uh I think all the the data centers that they're they're trying to build um all those things like that are going to require a lot of silver. So I think that is a fundamental driver if you want to go there. Uh when it comes to commodities then I believe there is a supply and demand factor. Otherwise everything else outside of that asset class is all BS. There's no real reason to own a share stock. There's no real reason to own you know a contract of NASDAQ index futures. It's there's no real reason to do that except for gambling is really really what it is speculation. But with commodities, there's a real net sum zero game to it with regards to supply and demand. But I think we could drop down in here at the very minimum drop below here and then maybe move higher. Um, but just be mindful that CPI number and PPI numbers are absolutely unknown to me. I I don't I I've not had confidence in being able to forecast the PPI and CPI number in my three decades plus. Uh once in a while in a blue moon I've been correct, but not to the degree where I would place a lot of risk behind that that trader or viewpoint. So just know that what I'm saying here, just study it, okay? Just just watch and see if there's anything to it. So you that's the that's the skinny on that. I want to take your attention to Euro because I did talk about that also over the weekend. Um, so let's go and Oh, actually, I know some of you are wanting to know if I've done anything. I have not had a whole lot of time to do very much this week. Um, you can see the uh using the upper quadrant here. And this Cibby, I used it as a recaned Vega. You can see that there. And then it looks like I got out at the consequent corrosion, but I didn't. It was just me getting below the cell side. right here. That low right there. Watch the sell side liquidity. There it is. Right there. You can see that is the exit. So, 70 handles there. And I haven't had anything for the rest of the week. business to talk about. There's a few things I would have liked to trade, but time I have here today doesn't allow me or afford me to be able to talk about it. But it was only two other uh situations. One would have been a scratch. I would have got stopped out covering costs. And the other would have been 40 handles, so it's not even that big of a deal. But uh this is the only thing I got really the show for the week. And I'm content with sitting on my hands the rest of it. So just a really challenging consolidation which again now let's take us over to Euro dollar what it was redely in here inside that area. I was counseling you to look at just ignoring this candlestick as indecisive and using this candlestick's low. This candlestick's high and that is your actual gap. Extend that through and trading through here. It looks sloppy. It's like, okay, what's the use here? Well, I mentioned that if we didn't get this expectation of of moving higher. In other words, I wanted to see it uh remain above this. But if it does go below it, go back and listen to the video. If it does go blue then I think what we'll do is we'll go into sideways consolidation and I think by anybody's definition that's you would see here. Okay. So those skill sets those ideas are not found in books. That's an experience driven you know perspective and the things I teach you to do and things I tell you to keep track of and annotate and journal. If you don't journal you'll never learn the skill set of anticipating when consolidation is going to be there. If you look at the very first video of my 2016 private mentorship, all of those videos are uploaded on my YouTube channel for free. Just look at the ICT mentorship 2016 2017 playlist and I broke them down into individual playlist by month and the very first video of month one elements to a trade setup. Um I talk about the four major characteristics of a trade setup. you know, there's uh there's an element of consolidation, and you're not going to know in the beginning how to anticipate when consolidation is going to come into the marketplace. And you're not going to know as a new trader when that market will leave consolidation and go into, you know, a trending or a reversal or something to that effect. And that's one of the benefits of having a mentor that's been doing it for a long time and not just talk about it through a market replay perspective. If you don't have the foresight or the experience be able to have prognostication that has a track record of a length of time beyond just last year or two years paring somebody else that's been doing it, you know, decades longer than them. It it's very telling when you listen to someone when they share insights because if they can't number one stand on transparency and say there are times I'm not going to know and right now I don't know I just know that we if we did not use the inversion fair value gap to go higher then we were going to go into consolidation because everything is still primarily risk meaning all assets that are not dollar viewed in other words euro dollar euros higher dollar lower or dollar consolidation euro high higher that's that's risk on for me risk off would be dollar index rallying higher euro going lower or euro in consolidation while dollar goes higher that's risk off so I'm primarily anticipating higher prices across the board except for dollar. And for someone that's new, you might see this and you may have watched Euro this week and probably giggled to yourself and said, "Man, this guy, he was really wrong on Euro." I explained why I would be wrong. And that's something also that's useful as a trader knowing what would be a uh catalyst for you to move to the sidelines and say okay I'm not going to trade in this environment because it no longer fits the characteristics that I would expect initially and still be useful for the model I trade and not be gambling. Okay. Uh just because the markets are moving around doesn't mean that you know hey let me go here and press the button and see what if I can make some money or I'll pass some combines or this that thing. Messing around mcking about in these environments you will blow your accounts. That's a guarantee. I don't care who you are. I don't care how good you think you are. You're going to blow your accounts because you're going to get tripped up into taking more trades than you should. you're going to trade larger leverage than you really should and you're going to be competing with everybody else online because they may have done something and you've not been able to show anything yet or you're in draw down. So this this present condition in the marketplace right now with all the things that are going on, this is a perfect storm for someone that has no discipline, no self-control, no model, no experience, no respect for the measure of risk. It's a shipwreck waiting to happen and nobody's at fault but you when it does. So anyway, with all that, I again I expect higher prices with the same thing I mentioned with uh in regards to NASDAQ. Let's say that the PPI and the CPI number do something that causes some kind of a a sell off in gold or euro. Um I said gold, but I meant euro here. these lows in here. I'd like to see them make an attempt to get down there but not take them out because it's too close to this low here. So, if it's going to take these lows out, then it's going to take that low out. And that changes the uh the dynamic, at least on the short term. Doesn't mean that I'm calling a top in the euro. Doesn't mean that the dollar is going to go rallying higher explosively. I'm not suggesting that at all. That might that's my opinion. But none of this should be used as a trade idea or a catalyst for you to put on real monetary risk. It's just to stimulate ideas and thinking critically on your own part. But I find it fascinating that today we used that inversion fair value got dimension over the weekend here. And I'd like to see it draw up into this level here and then this for Euro. Watch this. I would like to see this in here act as an inversion fair value gap sometime before we close this week out and that would be interesting to see that and then what should it do that then obviously make an intent to get up to the device out here. Okay, and I think that's going to be it. I spent a lot more time than I wanted to um but I just want to touch base with y'all. Thank you so much for your prayers and Lord willing I will be back with you as soon as I can. And be careful this weekend if you're in the States.
