================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Storytellers Series - Dollar & EurUsd June 05, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08d62cZDXUk
================================================================================

All right, folks. Welcome back. All right, so we're going to be looking at the currency markets. I know we haven't talked about them in such a long time. So, this is the Storytellers series. Uh this is episode three. And I promised I would talk about forex a little bit and the dollar index. Uh but I I kind of like want to keep them separate because I'm not actively trading forex. So, I'm I kind of want to keep my work with them separate and segregated from that of index futures, which is my active market asset class at the moment. All right, so this is June 5th, 2025, and you'll forgive me if I sound tired because I've been going just about all day. So, uh I shared a little bit of uh mojo with you guys in London session for NQ. But uh this discussion here is going to be specifically dealing with the dollar index and fiber or euro USD. Now, I already know some of you are going to go crazy and want to see me do every currency pair, every exotic, every and I'm not I'm not doing that, folks. I'm not. So, I'll be content with just doing euro dollar since it's the most well, traded forex pair in the world. So, uh you'll just have to be content with that, won't you? If not, please don't complain because I'll never see your comment ever again if you do. All right, so we are looking at the weekly chart of the dollar index, okay? And let me preface it by saying this. You should know by now that there's all kinds of things going on as it relates to global trade, the tariffs The tariffs are on, the tariffs are off, the tariffs are going higher, the tariffs are going lower. It's just it is constant constant chaos. And it makes the markets a little bit more difficult if you're constantly looking at fundamentals. Okay? Cuz fundamentally it's insanity if you're trying to trade fundamentally. You have to be trading technically. You have to be looking at how the market is being manipulated to hurt individuals. Okay? And if none of this is good for the dollar index. Okay? Let's just make it very plain and simple. There is nothing good in any of this for the dollar at all. Okay? So, in fact, it's beneficial for everyone for the dollar to go down from where it is right now. Everything's just warped. And a higher dollar, a firmer dollar is not something that a lot of the big wigs actually want right now. So, this buy side imbalance or side inefficiency on the dollar index. And again, this is a weekly chart. Keep your eye up here in the left for left hand corner. Whenever I'm changing chart time frames, you'll be aware of what I'm using. So, this here we traded down through a few weeks back. And not to mention all of this move here, this was called out in advance. All of this was called out in advance. This entire market maker buy model from here. And then market maker sell model here. Go back and look at all the commentary. Look at every post on X. Everything I've ever stated. It's all there. Okay? And the things I didn't say there, I said in my students live streams and they all have screenshots for it, too. So, looking at this inversion fair value gap, we rallied up into consequent encroachment of that, filled in this inefficiency here with the bodies. Notice that. Okay, so the wick was allowed to go up into the inversion fair value gap consequent encroachment there. And then we had a volume imbalance, which traded up into here last week, touched that, and then now here's where we're at. I like the idea of seeing it eventually, how soon, how fast will it get there? I don't know. Because there's so much manipulation right now, and if you're if you're brand new and you're trying to trade Forex and you're under capitalized on top of it, and you're impulsive, you don't have a model, you your chances of being profitable trading that asset class is next to zero. Okay? Let me be upfront and honest with you. It is so so difficult right now trading the Forex markets. I can. I have done it a few times in the period of time where I actively moved away from it, where I'm not actually putting real money behind the the trades. This this climate, this global chaos that we're seeing, uh this was actually explained to you it was coming in a lot of the Twitter spaces I did. And just look at it. It's wild, right? It's this insanity, and it's going to get worse. And it's going to be great for the index futures. It's It's going to be great for the commodity market. But for Forex, you know, we're we're we're just waiting for the next shoe to drop. That's basically what it is. Once that happens, you know, the wild wild west, big ranges, big extrapolate right price runs, that's coming. I think it's going to be here before Christmas, so I have optimism in that regard. But until then, you just got to be really really careful, folks. So, I like the idea of this low being traded down to, and if it can get to that low, and accelerate, the sell side below here is where I think we'll try to gravitate to. Now, it's not a lot in terms of range, but, you know, that's what I believe is likely to occur. I'm not bullish at all on dollar index. I'm not at all, even though we went down below these relative equal lows, and people might think, "Okay, well, that's you know, some kind of a fake break, and then go higher." You know, I'm happy to be proven wrong, but I just don't see it, folks. I mean, the the necessity for all things coming into alignment to cause this to go higher, based on all the things that's going on right now, just I don't see it in the cards, okay? So, I believe that the stock market is not done going higher. Uh I believe that we are still risk on in that regard, but so I think this is a risk on market, meaning that the dollar index is likely to trade softer. It's a daily chart. You can see that up here. Dollar index. Beautiful consequent encroachment of that weekly inversion fair value gap. Trading up into the weekly volume imbalance. Beautiful. And this low is near-term sell side liquidity, then this liquidity pool. And then, because I like both of these here, remember that one on the weekly chart now, okay? All I did was took those same levels I had annotated on the weekly chart. By dropping down to the daily chart, it transposes those same levels here through the lens of daily candlesticks. Any PDA array, okay? Here's a Here's a little secret for you. Any PDA array that I annotate on my charts, if they have a a respectable amount of range between them, and in this sense, these two are fitting the bill for that. Between these two levels, half of that is event horizon. That is every PD array. Every single PD array. Now, right away some of you, you know, skeptics, those ideas cause you to feel like, "Well, of course, then if you have a thousand lines on the chart, you know, eventually the market's going to hit one of them." But, I'm always calling the ones that I believe are going to be salient. That's the part you keep omitting in your commentary or your little rude remarks. So, I believe that this low, this specific higher time frame sell-side liquidity pool from the weekly chart, halfway between these two red lines here, you want to annotate on on your own chart, okay? So, that would be an event horizon. And then this sell-side here. So, I am not bullish on dollar index unless something comes out and we're cool pieces uh, you know, is discussed and Iran no longer wants to do uh, anything with nuclear and uh, North Korea says, you know, "We're not going to be involved with anything." Russia says, "You know what, Ukraine, you can have everything. We don't want anything." And it's just it's not happening, folks. That's That's my point, okay? Taiwan's not going to get invaded by, you know, China. All these things would have to smooth on out. And this is not happening. Okay? It's not happening. So, lower prices are in order in my opinion for dollar index. We're on the hourly chart now. So, this this imbalance here, buy-side imbalance, sell-side efficiency, when we trade down through it, acted as an inversion for you right there, you got. So, I'm waiting to see if the bodies are contained inside of this and then if we roll back outside of it. Now, if we trade higher, I got to charge my battery up, but we're going to keep that in the video. The If the dollar index trades higher and trades above here, then it just means we're just going to hang around and and and go sideways for a little bit longer time. But longer term still, I think that the dollar is still most likely going to be delivering lower prices. 15-minute time frame, same business that is outlined on the hourly chart. We're using the hourly inversion fair value gap. This is not the same one that was on the weekly chart, by the way. And we just saw this drop down here today on employment data. And this sell-side imbalance buy-side inefficiency is it inversion fair value gap? So, we can start looking at all these specific key levels, the quadrants inside that, and trade up in here. Notice the body staying inside that inefficiency from the hourly chart. If it rolls out of it and comes back up and hits it as a low, I would want to see it trade down into that inefficiency, and it has to eat up all of these levels decisively and trade with a close below them. And then, any drop below this low here is most likely going to be sustainable. And then 5-minute chart here, dollar index, you can see that there is a buy-side imbalance sell-side inefficiency inside of that 15-minute time frame inversion fair value gap. So, if we go down lower, this area in here should act as an inversion fair value gap that would be used as a catalyst to send us below here and then into that higher time frame weekly lower sell-side liquidity pool. So, this little area here, should we break lower, extend that out in the future, okay? And it's going to probably be a trigger for a ramp into this low and then further lower. Euro dollar weekly chart. Okay, we have an inversion fair value gap here. We saw that be utilized. Bullish fair value gap here, body staying inside of it. And then we're working inside of this weekly premium wick. I put the gradient levels in it, which ended up into consequent encroachment. And the next buy side liquidity pool I like up here. Cuz this wick basically took out this short-term high. And I would I mean, this is I guess doable, but if it's going to go higher on the basis of a lower dollar, I would like to see it reach up into that full liquidity for Euro dollar. Daily chart, and same levels from the weekly chart transposed into the daily. This is a little problematic for me. Like I I I'm not terribly excited here, so for me, I would like to see sustained continue price run to take out this high. I don't want to see anything come back down into the weekly bullish fair value gap, which is what this blue box is here. Remember, the weekly chart levels are being shown on the daily. And I certainly wouldn't want it to come back down into this, cuz it's already done its business here. So, we've already seen the inversion fair value gap act as an inversion fair value value gap that's bullish. Then the low of the fair value gap here. And then it stopped just shy of consequent encroachment right there. Notice that? That's bullish for me. And I want to see non-farm payroll data tomorrow uh facilitate, you know, continuation to the upside we for Euro dollar. That would make it a little bit easier for me to give continued commentary and opinion about what it's likely to do. Unless it does that, then, you know, I'm just going to keep my cards close to my vest and this expect lower dollar, higher euro, but any individual specific key levels in here would have to be mentioned at a later time because what is on this chart right now is pertinent for me. 1-hour chart. Okay, now this one here I didn't start over here from the left side of chart. This is that weekly bullish fair value gap that did not go down consequent encroachment. Then we have buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency, comes down to consequent encroachment and bodies respect that. This is a sell side liquidity raid and ramps it up higher, trades into the lower quadrant of that weekly premium wick. This is the low of it. Lower quadrant. Consequent encroachment and then the upper quadrant and the high of that wick is outside the scope of this this chart's data. Then we have an inversion fair value gap here. Now this is something for your notes, okay? Whenever there's an indecisive candle like this, I take that out. I I just imagine it's not there. So that low to that candle's high, that one down close candle, that's what I'm seeing as a fair value gap. I'm not looking at this wick. I'm not looking at this candlestick at all because both of these candles here traded that range. And it closed where it opened. So I I don't care to know that data in the formation of my fair value gap. So this low and this candlestick's high, that that's being shaded there, that's the fair value gap. You can see it being used there with the bodies. It's being respected there also. And then we came down to the high over here and then worked a propulsion block, which is a bullish order block here that only goes down into a previous order block, but it cannot create trade lower than half of its mean threshold or mean threshold of its body and it doesn't do those things here. And it trades to the low of the wick on that weekly chart right there. And then we saw the acceleration to the outside. I'm watching this area here to act as an inversion fair value gap cuz it also worked that level here, here, and now we're on the other side of it. So, I would like to see it continue staying firm. If we just melt down and go overnight lower than this low here, then you know, all bets are off and we'll have to see what we get next week. But I would like to see continuation there. Now, remember, I'm not trading Forex, so don't take any of my commentary here as an invitation for you to just go out there and start trading, okay? Because if I'm wrong, and in this climate I could very well be wrong, which is the number one reason why I've not been talking about Forex because there's too much manipulation and the the ranges aren't worth the risk. Right, 15-minute timeframe, buy-side liquidity here, really smooth highs. And that propulsion block shown there. Sell-side liquidity pool read when higher, all that business shown here. And again, I don't want to see that inversion fair value gap give up the ghost and trade back down lower than that. Because even though this has gone up and it's sold off, to me, I would use that as an indication that retail would see that as it's a rejection, it's going to go lower. When the dollar index is, you know, likely to go lower, that would not be the case here. So, I'm not scared by this right here. I know this was the result of employment data. And non-farm payroll can always upset what was done on a Thursday of non-farm payroll week. So, it was the decaffeinated version of employment data released today. The real show is going to be tomorrow at 8:30 Eastern time. And the 5-minute chart here. We're inside this by side imbalance sell side inefficiency. These two relatively equal lows at the time of me starting this recording, I had already noticed that it went below here. So, it was one of the things I was going to talk about how if we could go below these lows, does it go back up and start working into these levels here like this as a bullish inversion fair value gap, um eventually working back up into the high. I'm not interested in in in seeing lower euro and higher dollar, and I don't think that's likely to occur, but obviously not for people tomorrow. All the disadvantages that I would see against me as an analyst going over these markets, I'm trying to be transparent and share that. So, unlike I have been with index futures where I've just basically come out there like John Wayne saying this is what's going to happen, um I don't have that same confidence in forex. So, just make sure that you're aware of that going in. Don't get goofy and think, well, I'm going to go in here over leverage because if I'm wrong, and again, I could very well be wrong. You know, euro could just collapse and the dollar just spike up, go crazy. You know, wild stuff can happen any any minute. I mean, just look what Elon Musk is putting on on on the X today. It's it's getting crazy, right? So, just be mindful of all that stuff. All right, that's going to be it for today. Uh each day I'll try to toss in one video with uh euro dollar and the dollar index. Anything that's salient, anything that's useful to me looking at it, I'll make, you know, an attempt to share what my opinion is about it. And you can take it for whatever it's worth. It might not be worth anything, okay? But so many of you are asking for this, so this is my gift to you. Till I talk to you next time. Be safe.
