================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Storytellers Series - NQ Review June 02, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYw7zlxTqvA
================================================================================

Folks, welcome back. So, we're going to be doing a a little bit different title in a series that I don't know how long I'll go about doing it, but uh if you like it, you'll obviously give it thumbs up. If you don't like these types of uh presentations, then I'll just simply go back to doing you my hit and miss once in a while. You'll you'll see something once you you see it. You it'll be like, "Okay, well, that's wonderful." it won't be as consistent as something that I'm aiming to do with this. So, what is it? What's this storyteller series? Well, when you're looking at price action, when you're recording in your journal, you want to kind of like flesh out a narrative. You want to flesh out a bias in hindsight. You need to do that in the beginning because you don't know what you're doing. And you look at price action after it's already happened. And you look at where the inefficiencies were, where the stops were, who was making money before the stop rate was hit, who's making money before the market reverses and goes another direction, who's trapped, who is being led to believe that their trade's going to be profitable, but then later on it fails to get to an ideal scenario objective for them. And by doing these types of things and they need not be very long. So I'm going to try to go through it rather succinctly but in no way shape or form a complete u overview of what took place today or any day that I overview or review put it that way. Uh but it's meant to kind of like inspire you and I'm going to touch a little bit on what I shared this morning on the X account. So this is the first one of our storytellers and we're looking at obviously the market of choices for my liking and my trading is the NASDAQ and it's the June futures contract for 2025. All right. And this is the actual June delivery contract month. So it's not the continuous contract. It's not necessary because we're trading intraday. We're trading on very short-term basis. So, it's not required to use a higher time frame continuation or continuous chart. All right. So, we have this gap in here. If you've been following along on X and on my YouTube channel here, you know that we were looking for that as an upside objective. It hit that like gang busters last week and then sold off. And here is our down close candle with a fair value gap in here. So, this down close candle, let's zoom in a little bit. This down close candle is a bullish order block. We traded down to it last week and then today we opened we traded down to it once more and then they capitalized that discount level here which is the opening price of that down close candle and then sent it back above the rejection block here. Okay, which is the highest up close candle. Now we have this wick to contend with. Now, I was going to draw out where the consequent encroachment level is, but it's essentially look at the same level as this high here because it's close proximity to that. So, it's going to afford me the luxury of saying I'm watching price to see if it can get to this level in here. Okay, which is the bottom of that old cibby. And if it does that, then I want to see does it have the ability to get to consequent encouragement of this cibby. Does it get above this and trade outside of the civi here? And then we'll be looking for this one here. So, I'm trying to avoid picking a top. As I've been mentioning, an ongoing analysis with NQ, we're trying to avoid all that. So, because of this down close candle here being a daily bullish order block, this level here, this blue line, it'll appear on the lower time frame charts until I tell you it won't be. All right, here's the hourly chart here. And real quick, you can see we traded down in and I mentioned this last week. We have a buy side of balance sell sign efficiency consequent encroachment of that. We hit that beautifully there. You can do that on your own chart. I shared this on my ex account by the way and we are reaching up into this sibby here which is just before we get to the low of that daily cell bounce by sign efficiency. So we traded up into this one here and we're going to look inside all this price action and try to decipher what took place and also kind of like tip my hand tell you why I said and shared what I did on X this morning. All right. So here's the 15-inut time frame. This is a bell weather chart. That means it's one of those go-to charts where it gives me most of everything I would ever need and not even require looking at a daily chart or a 4hour chart or an hourly chart. Okay? So, all the liquidity pools, all of the pertinent imbalances, inefficiencies, and such, uh, you can see them on the 15-minute time frame, and it's very, very easy to frame out with experience. Not not just because I do this video, you're not going to be able to walk out there tomorrow and be able to do what I'm doing and what I've done, but it will help you understand the importance of this specific time frame. the 15-minut time frame. So, this blue line here is that daily bullish fair value gap. You can see we dove down into that here last week and we came back off of it, dropped back down once more here today in London and then we consolidated around in here, traded back above, came back in, had a little bit of a stop here, rallied up and took out the buy side here and this buy side there. and drawing into that daily cibby once again. Okay, so we have a new week opening gap. I'll mention that in a moment, but on the 50-minute time frame, I was teaching this week how you can very easily look at two close proximity 15-minute fair value gaps. And those six levels being the high, the consequent encroachment or midpoint of it, and the low of two specific 15minute fair value gaps. Now, which one is that? Well, where's the most recent one that's formed and what's the one that formed prior to that? Just looking back. That's all you're doing. And then you use that as a canvas to study price action. When you're brand new, you don't know what you're looking for. So, it gives you a a context to go in and start studying. Now, what happens when the price runs away and leaves both of them. Then, you start looking for the next 15-minute fair value gap. And you keep doing this continuously. So, you're always having a dynamic range or canvas to study price action instead of just aimlessly staring in price action and thinking to yourself like, I don't know what I'm looking for, so therefore, I'm wasting my time. Let me go watch Ballinger bands and moving average crossovers. By having the very specific fair value gaps that I mentioned this morning on X, I literally walked you through it in video format, too. Uh, I mentioned this one here. Now, why did I mention this one? This is the graduated perspective of it. Over time, when you practice this, you will see when you do hindsight analysis, which is what my detractors and naysayers love to, they're going to look at this video and say, "See, he's talking about hindsight. He's talking about this is easy, but they are not looking at what I did this this morning, June 2nd, 2025 on X where I recorded myself talking about the very fair value gaps and then uploaded the video in a manner that there's no way I could have talked for 31 minutes and then redubbed something or multiple times have you know all these different outs they'd like to say I have. But nonetheless, uh this is basically anchored right to the daily bullish fair. See that? So that blue line here, it intersects with that fair value right there. And then since I was looking at price action precession towards the end of London open, uh it we were inside of that. So now look back in time on the 15-minut time frame. This is the one that I chose was important. Why? Because it was inside the high of that drop down. That was a raid taking out sellside which makes this what? A bullish breaker. Oo, epiphany. See how that works? The little brain synapsis happening, firing. You like that sound effects? I'm paying extra money for that So, when we look at the imbalance in here at 15-minut time frame, we can start looking at the relationships between these two. And we can practice reading price action. We can demo trade. We can tape read, you know, just watch and see the fluctuations. And we need not be concerned about being right or wrong about whether or not this high is going to be taken out, this low is going to be taken out, this high, or that high. You we don't need to worry about that in the beginning. As a as a brand new student of price action, using the things I'm teaching, it's important for you to know that it's not imperative for you to know what you think you need to know right away. There's skill sets, there's processes, there's routines and drills that I'm putting you through. I'm not putting you through one today if you were on X. And it delivered multiple setups. And we'll look at that before I close this video, but I don't want to go too long and, you know, ramble on about things that are going to obviously be covered as as we naturally go through this video. So, just know that this high is the first green level and this here is the next buy liquidity pool. So, make reference of those numbers here, those price levels. That way it's understood what it's reaching for. All right, let's zoom in here. All right, same thing. 15-minut time frame and we're looking at it with the drop down below this heavy thick line. I thickened it up. That's the daily bullish fair value gap and we drove down into that there and then we started consolidating inside that 15-minute buy sell side efficiency and I added the gradient levels of 75 and 25%. So that way it kind of gives you a little bit more fine-tuning of the opportunities that could be afforded to you as a scalper or someone that's looking for pyramiding entries that if you want to tape reader or demo trade to build the affinity for that. But we reach up into the buy side here and we do it here as well. But look at the reaction off of that one right there. That fair value gap it's high and look how much time it spends inside hitting the key levels here. here we move start to move away from it there and now I'm going to drop down into a 15-minute time frame that shows a little bit more detail. So we're zooming in again. So this raid on sell side we drop back down in and right there we hammer the low of the 15-minute fair value gap. We rally up trading into the other 15-minute fair value gap which is again anchored to a PDA in and of itself. So see what we're doing. We're blending a confluence of PD arrays. We're not just looking at any one individual candlestick or PD array or focus point. We're blending a few of them. Now, if you recall, I counled you to try to avoid trying to pick a top in the NQ. So, if we see a low, high, lower low as we have here, bullish breaker, this is going to be salient. This is going to be worthwhile if we start studying this. And inside that going to the left, we see there's a fair value gap right there in the form of a cibby. So this is going to act as an inversion fair value gap at a later time. So as we go closer to the 9:30 opening in the opening range, we can anticipate a likelihood of the market wanting to rally back above it and then use that as a catalyst to send that higher. All right, dropping down into a one minute chart. Getting right into the nitty-gritty of this. Uh, we do have a new week opening gap here. And I'll already flush that out for you. And I want to just show you that this fair value gap that's in blue was from Friday. It was 12 minutes after 10 in the morning session. And this is Friday's week before. Um, and I'll show you exactly where they are in a second, but this was last Friday's first potential fair value gap in the opening range between 9:30 a.m. Eastern time to 10:00 Eastern time. So, just know that that's what these are here. And I'm not going to leave the new week opening gap levels on because it's not important. I just want to draw a parallel between this fair value gap from 10 12 a.m. 1 minute chart from last Friday is basically the same thing. So, I'm not going to over burden you with all these levels. Just know that this one here, I like to keep it on there because it's basically inside of the upper quadrant of the new week opening gap. So, I don't need it to be perfect. Just know that later in the afternoon, this new week opening gap high, which is last Friday's sellment close, uh, that's going to be where buyside is, and eventually you'll see how we draw up into that. But now, let's go over to this candlestick right here from last Friday on a one minute chart. You can see the time at 9:35 a.m. That's first presented fair value in the morning session on last Friday's trading, NQ. And then we have this candlestick right there which is just simply 12 minutes after 10. I liked it and I told you last week I liked it and because very specific PDA rays we carry them forward in time and that's why it appears in the analysis here. So right away one minute chart you can see how we were below that. So before 6:00 in the morning stops were rated we traded back up inside of it. this heavier blue line. It's eventually going to go away and you'll see that consequent encroachment level that's thinner just above it. That will remain in the chart. But just know that we traded down into the low of the fair gap there. We consolidated accumulated around the consequent encroachment of that fair value gap that's noted here. Then we traded above it hit the high and then gravitated towards that higher 15-minute fair value gap. worked this high here here taking about this taking out this high rather and we work down below it meandering around and right away I want to kill this idea that some of you are thinking because you want to talk about these types of things because you don't understand what I'm teaching you want to ABC123 indicator crossover some kind of Star Wars VWOP okay some kind of uh you know technical uh mumbo jumbo instrument that you can put on your chart that everybody else talks about too because you're all part of a, you know, little nerd group, okay? Level two data, that kind of stuff. All that stuff's ginex when you look for very specific inefficiencies. And the framework I gave you for finding them is pretty much the same. So, it's not ambiguous. We're not looking at, well, let me guess which one he's going to use today. Okay, I'm using the same logic all the time. But we want to study how price sweeps above it and below it. And once there's a sweeping effect, then it goes right back into using it again. Sweep below it, upset any liquidity below here, get back into it, use it as low, and then where we looking for it to trade to higher because we're trying to avoid what? Picking a top in the ENQ. And it rallies up. Where is it rallying? Taking out highs here. Okay. So again, we drop back down into it. There it rallies back up. Comes back down in pyramid. Pyramid rally up. take out that first buy side. Remember the the green lines? I told you to remember what they were before we went further in the video. And then when we opened up here in the opening range, they sink it all the way down to take out the sell side right below these lows inside that fair value gap down to the high of the first fair value gap I showed you to pay attention to today. Not first presented fair value gap, the first one I outlined in discussion in that video which is on X. And if I don't forget, just know that um you can easily prompt me to add the link to it if I forget cuz, you know, I'm getting in my older years and I I'm not as sharp as I used to be. Sometimes I forget to do things and, you know, I want to be able to have those links in the description or at least the comment section of this video. So that way people that are looking at it later on, years from now, they can click on it. It'll take them to the video on my ex channel where I outline all this stuff real time and whatnot. So, we're going to look at the first percent of fair fair value today for June 2nd, 2025 for NQ. And that's the very first percent of fair value here. Okay. And you can see how we were using relative equal lows here setting the stage for a initial rally up then drops down. They clear that liquidity goes right to the high of that 15-minute fair value gap. Then rips higher, comes back down. consequent encroachment upper uh quadrant and high in that area there leaving the lower half intact not doing anything with it that's exactly what we want to see if it's going to be bullish it rallies back up into last Friday's first percent of fair gap in gray and then back up into the first percent of fair gap for today Monday so we accumulate anything going long in here trading up higher into that 12 minutes after 10 fair value gap from last Friday which I shared it was it was one that I liked and you're going to ask me what that was, okay? And I'm going to just tell you honestly, it's another PDA that that Fairbag gap is and I don't want to teach it publicly. It will be in book, but it won't be public because there's so many people right now scratching together some Mickey Mouse version of what I'm teaching ongoing here, and they're just trying to get a book out ahead of me, but they're going to be incomplete. And I'm intending it to be that way because their books are going to be literally ridiculously misinformation. You can see all the accumulation of 1012's uh fair gap from Friday. They're accumulating it there and setting it up into the buy side above the high was formed here. And then they started taking out relative equal lows where sellside would be. So they drop it down to accumulate more sellside liquidity to go long. rallies up and then once more we have sell side here. They take it down below that accumulate that sellside side liquidity to be counterparty to smart money being long and they send it up higher. Moving into the future, same thing here. There's those lows we were just talking about and then there's the fair value gap there. They hit it once more, rally up, another fair value gap there in the PM session and they accumulate into the final 15 minutes or so, 10 minutes of uh trading market on close and they pump it once more. That rally up in there takes us above the new week opening gap high and I'll show you that chart in a moment. So here, this is what I kind of want want you to think about. Here's how many high frequency trading setups were based on just these two fair value gaps. Okay, we went below it. I told you that we would see that drop down to take the liquidity and then it rallies up, comes back down once more. Low of the day. Here's entry from here to here. This level here to that level here. That's that's one setup. Another one is here using the high of this fair value up to the low of this fair value. That's a price run. How many trades is that? Two already. two in a span of a very short period of time, less than a half an hour or so, you already got two trades on. Or you could have been using it as a long, partial, or pyramid for continuation to that one. See how you can have the flexibility. You decide what you want to do with this information. You decide, you flesh out your model. And then we have the turtle suit, which I showed myself uh trading run this high here. and we'll use a draw back into that second fair value gap on the 15-minut time frame that I outlined, which is the higher of the two. So, that was a short. You watch me literally do that on X today. And then going long here to do another run up to take out that high using the high of the Fairbag gap. It's in red to run by side. So, entry here, exit here. So, A is entry, B is exit. So, that way you're following along in the chart. Same thing here. going long here, taking out the buy stops above that high here. So, that's another trade using this simple fair value gap idea. And you keep walking forward. Every time the 15-minute chart creates a new fair value gap, you just add that on to the previous fair value gap that you were using in the series throughout the day. See how dynamic that range becomes? And you don't forget the other one. You know, like for instance, this one here. Say a 15-minute fair bag got formed above this one like up in here. Well, then you use this one and whatever that one was. And then this one you'd still have in your chart, but you would just work with the two most recent ones. And you're constantly reading order flow in relationship to those two 15-minute fair value gaps. It gives you a dynamic eb and flow of reading institutional order flow without garbage level two data, which is spoofed. Okay? I never use that information. I don't counsel you use that information. And because large institutions, investment banks, they can fake big blocks of orders to influence you guys, you retail traders to think that, oh, wow, it's going to probably gravitate to that because there's a big order number of contracts up there when it's neither important or many times valid. Dropping down into this here, just remember this price return to 21,237. We'll move forward. That's here. Okay. So we can see using the first positive fair value gap we can see a short here in first positive fair value gap down to this level. So entry to target or target here new entry here using the higher fair value gap from the 50-minut time frame up to first% of fair value gap low that that shaded green box. Okay, so that's a trade there. Entering here inside of Friday's first fair gap in the gray trade net up into this run up here, taking that liquidity out. You had to sit through all this time distortion and you can pyramid here. You can pyramid here and then finally getting out there and you can leave a runner on for the rest of the day if you wanted to to try to get a new week opening gap high. So, you know, in the past when people watched me trade the forex market and I ran the very small balances up to ridiculous levels and I did it in very short uh time span, I was trading just like this folks, but I was doing it with currencies and I was trading with four and a half, sometimes 5%. Each one of these trades I would be risking four and a half to 5%. And as that new equity would be building, it would allow me more lots for the currency that I was trading, building up, building up, building up, building up. And as it happens within a month, sometimes two two and a half months, you know, we're in the stratosphere because the equity curve is basically like the backslash. Folks, uh, that's the first one in this new series. And as I go through, I'll do I'll do forex as well. I was a little tired today. Uh, so I'll I'll give you an example in NQ each day and in a separate video I'll give you one with a forex pair. Okay. So until I talk to you next time, be
