================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - ICT Gauntlet & NQ AM Session May 07, 2025 Review
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0Xa-Vqy5vo
================================================================================

Well, folks, good morning. Uh the review on Monday and Tuesday of this week. Here's the Nasdaq daily chart for June delivery. And I mentioned that we were to be following the levels in this Thursday's premium wick. So, it's high upper quadrant, mean reversion level, lower quadrant, and the open of the candlestick, which is the full range of five levels that make up that wick. And we were to carry them forward in the future. And let's add some lipstick on here and zoom in a little bit. So, here's those levels. And here is the buy-side and sell-side inefficiency we saw price drop down into on Tuesday. Monday's trading, non-farm payroll Friday. And this is the draw I think we're looking at until proven otherwise. And how how will that um negated? Well, we would have to trade below, on a closing basis, below this bullish fair value gap that's in yellow. So, take a moment to to look at the levels here, see the prices. And then this yellow line is that gap here. And we'll look towards going into lower time frames now. So, here's the 1-minute chart. And right away you should already recognize what this is. This is a market maker sell model. So, relative equal lows down in here. Market trades higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. And breaks aggressively lower, shifting market structure here. Trades up. Distribution. Second stage redistribution, which is going to be the most powerful leg of the move. And drops lower. Now, also notice that second stage redistribution of the market maker sell model not Wyckoff. The high of Thursday's wick on the early chart, and that's this blue line here. This is the upper quadrant, and this is the consequent encroachment of that Thursday daily premium wick. We're going to zoom in here and show you the details on this price slide down in two first presented fair value gap on Monday. So, here's second stage redistribution. And shorting, shorting, shorting. I actually have this on uh video on X. You can look at that and watch the executions and all the uh the pertinents there. And then later on I show you uh this here as well. So, these are recorded. You can see them on my X account and the executions and and whatnot. Trading down into and through the first presented fair value gap and allowing for what? The market maker sell model relative equal lows sell side liquidity. Price uses the Monday first presented fair value gap of the week. Which I rate around in there. Again, for navigation, this is Thursday's wick high, Thursday's wick upper quadrant and half of the wick, that red line here. They will stay constant in the slides. All right, and moving on into Tuesday's trading here. Um I I wasn't able to spend any quality time in front of the charts during the morning session as I mentioned on X that um my family time was requested of me, so it is what it is. Uh but I tried to squeeze something in. Uh right away using the logic that I gave on my X space, which unfortunately did not broadcast cleanly. It was it was all broken up and whatnot. Um I didn't go back and listen to it. I had a lot of feedback from many of you that said that they couldn't really hear it. So, I I will be making another presentation that's going to be hopefully a lot more cleaner and direct to the point. Uh but it was basically talking about how to work with the narrative. Okay, understanding the difference between narrative and bias. Without making a very long video here, just know that I am going to work on that before we get to Friday's close. What day and what time, you know, I don't know what time I'm going to put it up. Um I'm still you know, working out things with my wife. Um For those that have faith like I do, uh I'll just interject this real quick. Um my wife's actually uh going through a bout of depression. It's been a year since her mother passed away and she's having a hard time with that. So, I can't promise that my time's going to be as punctual and on a day-by-day basis. So, just know that uh that's that's where my time is being spent. Okay, not that I'm I'll give give you that insight. Um I'm not asking for pity, but I am asking for prayer for her to you know, find some comfort. She understands that she's gone on the way to be with the Lord, but she just misses her, I guess, you know. But with that, I had very little time to to navigate and whatnot, but keeping with what I said on the X space that you could hear and then I went on to Kit's um space to kind of like fill in the the gaps of what it is I said and hopefully got across in the presentation that was modeled in mine. There's pools of liquidity and the one you always look for every single day is the the range between 7:00 in the morning Eastern time, which is we see here. There's the high. And all these short-term highs, they're all potential raids on liquidity. It doesn't matter if the market's going to go higher or lower on the day, it's likely to draw to them. Okay? So, uh the daily bullish fair value gap, remember I had it in yellow on the daily chart? This is what we're seeing it drop down in here. I noticed because it could draw up to here, but I wasn't going to be able to be in front of the charts that long. I noticed that we dropped down below relative equal lows here. And we had another short-term low here. And we did that right at 9:30. So, we opened, traded down, took out that liquidity, took out that liquidity, that liquidity, and that liquidity in the scope of that time. And at 9:30, this candlestick here, I knew that we would likely draw up and at least clear these relative equal highs and then maybe take this one out, but ultimately trade back down to here, which is a move I would not be able to participate in because I'm away from the charts. So, to teach also for the folks that are leaving comments in my video channel in my YouTube channel's comment section asking, you know, well you can't trade without these macros. Or you're not able to trade without the new week opening gap and new day opening gaps. If you take that away, then everything falls apart. Well, I'm going to show you that that's not true. Okay, so the executions you're going to see here are not based on new week opening gap, new day opening gap, just pure liquidity and time of day. Okay? That's all it is. So, it's not a matter of me forcing you all the trade you know, one method or one apparatus that I've presented as my concept that are not generic. It's funny how these goobers have all these comments, but it's this precision. Okay, precision. You're going to see it. But trading below here trading below here we have the liquidity taken multiple times, and I'm not going to edit this video. So, there's going to be a couple things in here. I'm I'm I'm getting tired of making these videos, to be honest with you. So, I don't care about the the professionalism of it. Okay, it's just going to be whatever I say, and that's it. So, let's take a look at this presentation of the entry here and running to this very easy low-hanging fruit objective. Okay? I don't need it to go all the way back to here. I don't need to go up to here. I don't need to go all the way back to the 7:00 reset on the liquidity for that pre-market session hour. So, 7:00 in the morning to 9:30, that 90-minute window, we're spanning from the 9:30 opening bell back to 7:00. Where is the pools of liquidity? If you target those, you don't need anything else in ICT's repertoire. You don't need anything else. You don't need new week opening gaps. You don't need new day opening gaps. You don't need any any of this stuff except for just knowing where price is at right now and where it's likely to draw to. If you have opening range gap, which is in this case was gap lower, so that means it's likely to do what initially? Try to make an attempt to move up into that gap. I'm not going to show you the relative to I'm some I'm not going to show you the regular trading hours to show that gap. You can do that on your own. But it's likely to do what at the opening bell? Open here and then draw up. Now, does it need to fill the gap entirely? No. Does it need to go to the lower quadrant? No. Does it need to go to consequent encroachment? No. But an attempt at all is you know, within the realm of reasonable. So, if it's going to make an attempt to do that, doesn't it make sense inside the scope of 9:30 to 7:00 in the morning, where is the easiest low hanging fruit? The first presentation of relative equal highs. Right there. Okay? Now, I'm going to hover over top of both of these arrows so you can see the execution placement. But here's the liquidity after taking this larger pool of sell side there and there at the opening bell. So, I'm watching this candle. It opens, trades below these two equal lows, and as soon as it trades back up into this area here, I know what it's doing. It's going to flip over and run at the very minimum here. Now, it at worst, it could have went just above here and then came back and it filled in or gave an institutional order flow entry drill on any fair value gap from that low up to that point. But here, it just ripped higher, uses it as a breaker here, leaves that little portion open, breakaway gap, runs up and gives me the run into the relative equal highs. Trades just above this high here, which are relative equal highs as well. Now, why did I pick this one and not that one? Because this is the first one you come to at opening bell at 9:30 open, start looking to the left. Where is the first relative equal highs? They pop off right here. If you were looking at a 15-second chart, it would be here, but that's not enough for me to take the the trade. It's not enough of a a reward for the risk. Because I could have been wrong. I could have got stopped out and you would have saw it. I would have showed you it. But the stop goes immediately right below this by one tick. So, buying, stop here, target here. There's a little entry carrot symbol that shows you where my entry was on this candlestick. And now I'm going to hover over top of this one here, and you'll see that it shows me and exiting the long trade here at that level there. It spends a little bit of time right there and then folds, and goes right down to that daily bullish fair value gap. It creates a low one more time to stop anybody that would try to chase that, and then rallied up. Now, I'm going to teach you, as I mentioned in the uh presentation on Kits, uh space. And all you got to do is go over to X. Okay, I know some of you going to be watching this in years from now. And they're like, "What are you talking about? What are you talking about?" I I mentioned how because I had students asking me direct, we had basically a couple minutes time for individuals to talk to me. Uh and and this is also, as a reminder, this is why I don't like to do question and answer because I understand a lot of you think I'm a celebrity. Like you like you think I'm something special. I'm not. Uh and whenever I have an opportunity to speak with someone or give that opportunity to give the students the the time to speak with me, there's this big monologue of lavishness and you know, like like fluffing me up. And then and I understand why you're doing it, but it's not necessary. I mean, a simple little post to me, you know, on a comment in the video or post to X is sufficient enough. Like, you don't you don't need to go on and on and on. First of all, it's embarrassing cuz I don't feel comfortable receiving that kind of stuff. You want to thank and give praise, give it to God. But, it also is annoying to the other listeners because they're listening to what you're asking and they want to hear what I'm going to respond with. So, that's the meat of why we're having the conversation or a question and answer anyway. So, that's the number one reason why I don't like to do those types of things because it's a big time waster and it looks like hero worship and I'm not a hero. So, but I mentioned one of the students mentioned how they like to see certain things in a certain pattern form whatnot. Well, whenever there's a pool of liquidity that's taken, okay? And it forms with a breaker, as we see here. We have a low, high, and then it runs to take this low out here into a larger pool of liquidity. This point of liquidity below that low here inside that daily bullish fair value gap, that is where this leg of the breaker, if you look inside this leg, you'll see a fair value gap. Now, this fair value gap here, you want to start looking going back. Where's the first one you come to? It's this one right here. You got to use the volume imbalance. This specific fair value gap is labeled by my PD arrays as the gauntlet, okay? It's a gauntlet. That means you're laying down the gauntlet. I'm going to go long on the belief that this low has taken out sufficient liquidity and then it should go higher to reach into this level here where there would be a breaker. You can use it as a breaker entry. There's lots of times where I use this as a mechanism for turtle soup. You'll never see this methodology explained in the Linda Raschke and Larry Connors book. And no other other goober that's claiming to be the author of turtle soup ever done anything like this either. Oh, these goobers. So, what's what we're going to do is we're going to highlight that right there. Okay, so this is the gauntlet. It's a very specific fair value gap inside of a price run of a bullish breaker. So, it's the very lowest first sell-side imbalance by side inefficiency. It has to be the sibi. Okay? So, when it's bullish and you reverse this when it's a bearish uh breaker. It's the price leg that runs to the liquidity. The very first going from the low back, that's the very first sibi you come to. This is what you're looking for. When it reads above it and it comes back down in, there's your entry. This is your adding to it. Go back and look at some of the examples I did on cuz a lot of you have them archived and keep them for I guess, you know, collection purposes. But even though I do executions on X, I've done this many times, many many times. And then it's always been coupled with people leaving comments, "How did you know? How did you know to use that? Why did you use that fair value gap?" I'm teaching it right now. This is just one of those 81 things where there's specific fair value gaps. As I mentioned, there's a lot of people that writing books right now and they're saying this is smart money concepts. They're admitting my name. They're not even mentioning the fact that they learned it On X, I mean I'm sorry, not on X but on Amazon and they're writing their little books and whatnot trying to get their credit cards paid off cuz they've been charging up these prop firm accounts and blowing them. So, you don't know what fair value gap you're looking at. But I promise you someone's going to rush to get this in print and so I'm going to leave some of the details out, but trust me, this is the gauntlet. This is one very specific fair value gap that is pertinent to how you can engage price action and using the levels here after it leaves the lower half. See what it does? Trades to it here. The body's staying above it. And then gives you one more time to add to it or enter if you missed it back here. If you did not utilize this for the folks that say my silver bullet doesn't work anymore, I want you to think about how this drop down in here isn't that part of the upper quadrant? Or the upper half, rather. Isn't it this right here? This whole mechanism of using a sibi going into inversion fair value gap? That's what this is. That's the silver bullet. But I'm highlighting these quadrant levels here and now I want you to look at this price level right up here. Okay? We're going to show you who knows what. We're going to also show you what the signature is with the algorithm. If I highlight and hover over top of this very candle right here, so this is what I'm doing. I'm screenshotting it when it's me hovering over the 10 s- uh 7 minutes after 10 candle on the 1-minute chart. That low comes in at 19,784.25. That's what's being highlighted here. The upper quadrant of this very specific with the volume imbalance, that upper quadrant comes in at 19,784.25. Boom. That's perfect, folks. Linda Raschke can't teach that. Larry Connors couldn't teach it. Wyckoff didn't know anything about it. Supply and demand? Nope. Elliott wave? Nope. Sorry. No pitchforks here. Mhm. Sorry, but that's perfect. That's an algorithmic price delivery signature, proving to you that the buying and selling pressure did not dis- agree to stop right there and agree and say that's the lowest this the kittens want to go and it's going to higher from there. It It said It takes more faith to believe than that than it is that the market's rigged and it's controlled and it's going to a very specific level, stopping and turning on a dime, going higher. Why didn't it want to go down below this low? Why didn't it want to go down to the midpoint of the game? Why didn't it just roll over entirely? Because it's scripted. It's also occurring during very specific time of day. I'm I'm going to go in closer and zoom in on this. But I want to show you here is the buy side and sell side sell side inefficiency. So here is your silver bullet. Forget the gauntlet. Forget that, okay? For now. But there's going to be people putting them in their YouTube videos now. That's good. It's good. It's good. The buy side and sell side sell side inefficiency here, that's your silver bullet. And this is institutional order flow entry draft right there. And that price running higher tells you that we're moving higher. But this candlestick right here, what I did with Thursday of last week's daily premium wick, we're going to do the same thing right here. We're going to look at this wick here. Let me zoom in. Here's that wick right here. Okay? And we're going to take the levels of the high, the up quadrant, consequent encroachment, lower quadrant, and the low, which is the close of the candlestick right there. And we're going to project them forward, okay? So again, this is going to slap the faces in the mouths of everybody saying that I rebranded this, that, and the other thing. Garbage which garbage excuses for them being envious, okay? And again, if it was beforehand, before I ever talked about it, why has it never been shown in people's examples? And why are they using my vocabulary? Why are they using my vocabulary? Because I'm the only one, Daddy. So if you take those levels and project them forward, you can see those specific levels here. And now we're going to inside this range from this candlestick's close to this candlestick's run you know run higher, I'm going to take you down into a 15-second chart. Okay, inside this little range here, this is all you need when you know you're on side, that means the market's done enough down here during the macro, so at 9:50 to 10:10, that's what this is delineating here. Market drips drips down into the daily bullish fair value gap, remember that yellow area on the daily chart I started with, then it rips higher, we have a shift in market structure here. Silver Bullet institutional order flow entry drill, then we have this wick in here, we have the gauntlet, we have the turtle soup low to low. Okay, you shift in market structure. We have this wick's consequent encroachment. Bam. See how all these details are like to you converging? It's a confluence of multiple factors suggesting it's done and it's going to go higher. So, let's look inside this little range here on a 15-second chart. This is that 15-second area in here. Okay, and before I go into detail here, I want to show you what I was seeing on the 15-second chart cuz as I mentioned, every time I talk about executions, I'm looking at a 15-second chart, folks. Okay, just because you don't see it doesn't mean I'm not looking at it. If you look over here, when that dropped down at 9:30's candle, I'm entering right inside that. So, as it reclaimed bullish fair value gap, relative equal lows, it just stabbed below that, and then when we're here, I'm going long while we're inside that, and the stop loss can be right below there. And this right here, this wick, you can break that down into quadrants, and stop loss has to be at least below the low. And the market comes down to about the lower quadrant, and then rips higher and goes to my target up here as I mentioned when we were on the 1-minute chart, but over here on the 15-second chart, you can see that that range has fair value gap and volume imbalance. The market trades up, the bodies are staying inside that range, and then drops down, the body stay inside the lower quadrant. Wicks down into the volume imbalance, but the bodies are staying inside of that by side imbalance sell side inefficiency. And then it rips higher for this pool of liquidity right there. Remember I told you I told you start looking at the 15-second chart, find the relative equal highs and lows, and what time they run to them. Okay? The price run begins inside the macro time. To here. All this looks crazy now, doesn't it? It's a 15-second chart. And look how clean the price action is. It didn't look that clean so much on the 1-minute chart. But when you know the bias and you know the narrative, how it's going to employ the daily range at certain points of turns at time, everything becomes much more clearer. And that's that's this area over here. And in the afternoon I did a one-for-one risk. Um took some of the profit that was over here, risked it here, and then added to it here for sell side there, and there you go. So uh with the positions from Monday morning, Monday afternoon, and then Tuesday's morning and Tuesday's afternoon, it's 103,000. Uh notice how we ran up into the first consecutive fair value gap on Monday. Wow, didn't it? And now grabbing on over here. Wednesday's consequent encroachment on the wick, lower quadrant, low. We trade down into Look at this crazy price run right up to Thursday's high. On that wick. Isn't that crazy? Show you real quick. Only that little area to keep your eye on over there. See all these executions. Right here. Same account, basically. And then now This is Monday's first minute of every day gap. Give me a minute. Here. First day's open, premium wick high. This is the low of the wick. Lower quadrant of it. Consequent quadrant of it. Upper quadrant of it. And the high of it. Like that. But they've worked a lot of the upper half. They dipped down below it here. We back up in the Monday's or the week's first minute of every day gap. Here. And then we broke lower. So, with FOMC later today, it's basically you want to stay away from it. Okay, let's say it that way. Uh longer term, I think we could potentially trade higher. Uh I'm not trying to pick a top. I'm looking for them to try squeeze on those individuals that have been trapped on the downside. So, FOMC would be a wonderful uh medium to do that with. If Even if it was just to go up there, make a higher high on the daily chart, and that would it would done in recent days just to go lower. So, either or. You know, it's it's likely to to go up. And up to what? You can take out this here. It's a relative equal highs. There's a lot of buy side up here. So, if you're on that cycle, then I will be with you again tomorrow, Lord willing. Until then, be safe.
