================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ May 01, 2025 Review
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmTpyveQsbg
================================================================================

folks. Welcome back. Today is Thursday, May 1st, 2025. The months and weeks and days keep rolling by. 2025 is really in a hurry to get done, isn't it? So, let's take a look at today's action on NASDAQ. Obviously, we can see here we have a virgin chart with a rather handsome young man in the background keeping his eye on you. Okay, he's keeping his eye on you. So, we added the lipstick that I went over last night before I go through this. If you have not watched the April 30th, 2025 video that was uploaded prior to this one, stop this video and go watch that, okay? because everything that I'm going to talk about here otherwise is going to seem like I'm talking about it in hindsight and see how smart I am because it already happened. Okay, so I warned you. All right. So, here we have the daily chart and I went through the specifics with this specific candles wick and I went through all the levels here. Lower quadrant consequent encroachment level upper quadrant the high and then this volume imbalance. Now, the level that I did not put in, at least by memory, I if I did, great. But I I I think I don't have a a mention of this Wix consequent encroachment. Uh, but this is also something I was watching. So, I I intended to mention it last night in the video, but I don't know if it was there. So, just be mindful that that is probably the only thing that is not in last night's video. All right? So, I hope you'll permit me that. Uh, but the main focus was when this candlestick was a little bit bearish. It had a little bit of a wick, you know, rejection off that. It was sitting right about in here and no up movement like that yet. And certainly today here we're on a new day. So I I mentioned that during Thursday in the Friday non-farm payroll that it would likely reach up into at the very minimum I know I call this level here and take out that high of that wick on April 2nd. So just be mindful of the red line here at 19,822.50. That is the consequent encroachment level of this daily candles wick. Okay? because I teach you to treat the wicks of candlesticks as gaps and you can grade those levels as we have here and you'll see the importance of it as we drop in lower time frame. So, uh this blue line here is the consequent curtain of this candlesticks wick. So, just like we did this last night, this is being highlighted for tonight as well. You can see how close we got to it there and it just went a couple handles above it and then created the high of the day. That's probably random. All right, so we're looking at the daily chart zoomed in a little bit more. And again, I want you to just appreciate that draw up into that wick consequent encroachment level and how we delivered into that volume imbalance rather handsomely. This is what the close of the day. You can see that little hyphen here that delineates that separation from active trading hours to now it's not active. So, I waited until 6:00. You can see uh well, not 6:00. I wait till after 5:00 before the 6 p.m. restart. You can see the time when the screenshot was taken here. All right, dropping down into a one minute chart and get this thing done rather quickly. I don't want to spend too much time with it cuz I'm going into a 3-day weekend. Not for payroll tomorrow. I'm not interested. I will not be active on Twitter X, Telegram, anything. Okay. Uh I will have a shotgun on Saturday on X Saturday morning sometime. So you'll have to watch on X to see when that'll be. So be mindful of this low here. All right. So that's the London low. So Southside's going to be below that. Now contrast this with what I mentioned last night. I was telling you that I was personally bullish. Not that you should be bullish, not that you should be trading with anything I'm saying here. This is just my opinion, okay? 33 years of worrying about these candlesticks going specific levels and then watching them deliver. You are here just to borrow my experience. Okay? But I teach you and taught you that the liquidity in the London session if it's below old lows when you're bullish, it could reach down air. And this is what I have highlighted here. Okay. So at 19,901.25 that sell side here is a minor buyside liquidity pool. You'll hear this mentioned a few times in this presentation but also you'll see that I mentioned this actually on X this morning. And if I'm not mistaken I think it was around 9:47. uh you can see that post where I outlined that the inversion fair value gap which I'll show you in a second which is the first presented fair value gap of the morning opening range between 9:30 and 10:00 Eastern time uh that it would be used as an inversion fair value gap and take us up into buy side at 19,99625. Now, that is the opening range. You me pointing out specifically there. But going back to what I gave you in the YouTube channel review yesterday, before the market closed, before it rallied up extremely high, uh, all that was given to you before it actually happened. So, the higher time frame is bullish. That's what I was looking for. I was not looking for shorts. I was not looking for selling and going into discounted rays. I'm looking for it to go into discounted rays just to go higher. and fulfill what I outlined last night for April 30th, 2025's commentary on YouTube. All right, so just be mindful of that. And then we have April 2nd, 2025 daily premium wick high. So this level here is on the daily chart, that high of that wick. That's what this is. This is that volume imbalance just above it. Okay, I'm going to ring in this level up here, which is that consequent encroachment of the premium wick just above the volume imbalance I mentioned at the beginning of this video. All right, so here's a one minute chart. You can see that that sellside liquidity pool here I'm highlighting at 19,901.25. That is London's low overnight around 3:00 in the morning. And there's that buy side again at 19,9996.25. And here's the first presented fair value. And I already highlighted it in orange as I usually do denoting that that is going to be treated as not a sellside imbalance buy side efficiency to go short in. Remember last night's bias bullish and at 9:47 I think right right about in here I tweeted and said that we would see this very gap right there at 938 one minute candle and I probably should have added that anchoring it into this but you can find it on X it is what it is but the the draw and liquidity would be here but not before treating that gap as an inversion for your bay gap but we had 10:00 news. So at 10 a.m. we had ISM manufacturing PMI number. You can find that on Forex Facto's calendar. You can find it on Econo Day's calendar. Any reputable uh economic calendar will tell you what medium impact or high impact and it was a high impact news driver at 10:00. So you have to wait for that news to deliver. So, it went up there, stopped short of running that high, came down, took out the sell side here, and one more time, sweeping below that 3:00 a.m. London session sellside liquidity pool. Why would they want to go down there? Because they're going to pick up all these orders down here that are resting to go short on a breakout or to protect a long position. So either way sell side or sell stops sell orders pending orders to be a short seller or resting below that level. So the algorithm drops down there to accumulate here all through here and here and then after 10:00 it rallies higher and then goes above that 938 first percent of fair value gap here. It trades above it then comes back down in. It does notice this right here. It does not break that low. It comes right in here. Look at the bodies. So, what is it doing? It's validating this as an inversion for your bag gap after that news driver. So, because that news driver was a a volatility injection, we have to be careful because it's a Thursday before nonform payroll, it could it could do all kinds of things and mess up, you know, your analysis, your trade. It could hurt you. Uh, so that's why I tell you if you're not a, you know, a seasoned veteran in terms of what I teach and been around for a while or know how to trade and been trading for a long time, you probably shouldn't be trading on Thursday and Friday, non-farm payroll at all. But it comes down and validates it by not going into the lower half or even in this case consequent encroachment and then rallies. That was to me confirmation that okay, it validated it. So now I got to find an entry because if I think that it's going to trade up in the net volume imbalance and best case scenario, what would the best case scenario be as an exit? If you're trying to get long using this inversion fair value gap down here and you're aiming for the volume imbalance on the daily chart which is shaded in that red area here as you can see March 27th 2025 daily volume imbalance. Okay. So just remember look at the first uh portion of the video where I was showing you the daily chart with the lipstick on it. The best case scenario exit would be at the high of that volume imbalance. Right? Wouldn't you agree? So aiming for an entry at the first present fair value gap which is going to become a inversion fair value gap and then rally up to first pool of liquidity is this 19,996.25. So that's a low hanging fruit objective. Very, very easy. And 20 30 handles obviously would be warranted as a first potential profit scaling out. And also in keeping with what did I give you this week as a a challenge mission possible 30 handles in the morning, 20 handles in the afternoon. So, because I got things to do, places to be, and people to see, and I'm going to have a 3D weekend, I'm just going to just crush it today and just do what I'm showing you here. Uh, you will be able to see on X me closing the trade when it hits the limit order with what I'm about to show you. But my entry strategy, let me show you what that is, okay? Because you don't have to always get into the trade at the PDRA that you're looking for. You're going to miss entry sometimes, folks. That's the reality of all this. You're not going to get your best entry every single time. You could be watching the chart. You could be dialed in. Zero distractions and you simply do not get in. What do you do in that case? Well, in in my case, because I have 81 ways, and you can times that by two, to get into something or out of something as a trade, I have a plethora of dandy little tools and techniques and concepts that I've authored that no one else can do as well in their hands as I'm doing with my hands because it's my stuff. So, I'm teaching it to you so that way you can grow hopefully an affinity for one or two of them at most in the beginning and just try to grow from that. But let's take a look at what it is that I use to get into the trade. This candlestick right here and I have an arrow below and above the candlestick I'm denoting. That candlesticks open down to its low. That it's that is its discount wick. In other words, it's the wick below the candlestick. We call them shadows or tails and anything above as a wick would be obviously the wick. Okay. So I'm denoting that midpoint or consequent quotion of that lower portion of the candlestick that makes that wick or discount portion of the candlestick. That's this line right here. And I'm projecting it in the future. The next candle after that, you can see here I'm denoting it with that arrow here and that arrow here. I'm doing the same thing here. That wick, I'm highlighting the midpoint. This is my gray pool. Okay? Uh you're not going to know what that stuff is or even what this is unless you learned it from me. Okay? There is absolutely no way you've heard it anywhere else, but it's my concept. It's codified, coded, and signed by good old ICT. Algorithmic graypool. You extend that in the future. Okay? Okay. And that is your portion of where you can get in. Now, I already know what you're thinking. Wow, that's that's really not anywhere close to the inversion fair gap or first presented fair value gap. Isn't that chasing price? I'll get to that in a moment because I already know what you're thinking. But right now, I want you to take a look at the ex uh the entry. Okay, here's the entry and look real real close right there. You'll see that that is me getting in at the low of the gray pool. Okay. And now I'm going to show you up here me getting out of the trade right there. There's a little carrot symbol saying I'm getting out at the high of the volume bounce in the daily chart. Folks, that is as perfect as you can get without getting in at the inversion fair gap here. You're not going to see anybody else do it like that. And you're never going to see anybody else do it like that because I have things that are going to help me be light years beyond everybody else out there. But I could still be your good old friendly neighborhood mentor and teach you lots of things that will help you get into trades like this. But your experience level may not give it to you right away and it'll frustrate you trying to trade with this measure of precision. You don't need to be this perfect. You don't need to be this precise to make money or consistently find trading setups or make money drawing out a monthly income. You're going to take losing trades. You're going to do it wrong. And when you see things like this, this is me just basically putting a cherry on top this week because well, let's just put it this way. I I really enjoy doing this. Okay? And unfortunately, this is the part that makes it sound like I'm narcissistic, arrogant, and whatever. And that's not what I'm trying to do here. I'm trying to be somewhat entertaining with folks that have a sense of humor. Also to kind of like rib those individuals that don't think I know how to trade or don't think I know what I'm doing and because I'm calling it in advance the day before. The day before and at 9:20 I'm sorry what is it? 9:47 today in here I told you that this is going to be used as an inversion fair value gap to go up to here. And last night's analysis said it's going to go up to here and here. Okay, but take it one step further. ICT, the consequent encroachment of March 27th daily candlesticks wick, the premium wick, that's what this level is here. So, while I was watching it today, this could have delivered or fell short of it. And if I was looking for that to exit, you know, I would have been probably disappointed. But in this case, you know, you can't get better than that. in the high volume imbalance and be content with that and just watch it go to another level that I expected anyway. Whether I mentioned it last night or not, it doesn't make a difference. Uh you did know about this portion here. But now once it trades at that level, I'm done for the week. I'm not interested in doing anything else. So in keeping with what I taught in the last Saturday's X space uh when we move away from the first presented fair value gap because it's doing two things here acting as a inversion fair value gap which I told you it was going to act as way back here. Okay so before it delivered it and you can see on X ask your friends and neighbors if I ever delete or edit anything on X cuz I don't. It goes down through it for the purposes of upsetting the liquidity that's resting below London's low and this load that formed and then they rally it back up into the inversion fair value gap candidate. But does it offer that validation? Nope. It goes in there, goes right back out. You have to wait. You got to wait. And the market goes below that once more and then rallies above it, per back down into it, and then runs away. That's validating it. That is verifying that that is absolutely what I said it was going to be at 9:47 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. It was going to deliver this way. Now I have to find another way of getting in. Now let's say you didn't want to use a great pool. Maybe you don't understand it. Maybe you don't want to touch it. It's complicated. It's complex. You're making it difficult. ICT. Okay. Well, I'm teaching technical science. If you want to do simple stuff, you can do my immediate rebalance, which is this candlestick's high. It rallies through it here and then the next candle opens, trades right back down. That candle's high. That's an immediate rebalance. And the next candle or the next candle after that price will start running. That's the rules. If you are in my mentorship, if you watch my mentorship content that you can see right on YouTube for free, okay? I uploaded everything to all different playlists. Just go through the playlist, all the videos that's on there. It's absolutely my gift to you as as a community in trading. That rule of immediate rebalance to it sees price rip higher and it goes right to that pool of liquidity as a very low hanging fruit objective in and of itself. That right there is enough to be content. If you're a brand new student, new trader looking for a way to find setups and literally laying out there on a silver platter. But you have to determine what you're going to use as your model. You could have used these two consecutive down close candles here as my bullish shoulder block. and right there and there. It gets you an entry. So, it's it's not a matter of oh, you know, this is too many things to worry about. No, it's not. It's just what are you comfortable with trading with? And there may be a PDA that you like that didn't provide you an entry for this setup. It doesn't mean the concepts don't work. It doesn't mean you won't be consistently profitable in the future. It just means that your model, your PDA rate didn't didn't give it to you on this run. And because it's not far payroll Thursday, you shouldn't have any worry about that. Should be no sweat, no problem. Next next week, not next tomorrow, Friday is a day that you should be trading. If you're a brand new trader, it's a carnival ride at 8:30 tomorrow morning, Eastern time. It's going to go crazy all over the place. And it's better if you're not there, if you're not uh skilled or I guess experienced. But now that first percent gap because we completed the weekly objective, my weekly objective, price has already booked what it should have done. Then it's reasonable for price to do what? Start seeking discount or raise. Well, that would be starting in here midpoint consequent corrosion of the daily volume imbalance, then the low of the daily volume imbalance and the high of that April 2nd daily premium wick high. And then if it goes below that, what could we trade for? back down in the first present value. Yeah. So, I'm gonna extend this here in time and I'm also going to show you that for those that were wondering, is this chasing price? No, it's still in a discount because if I'm looking for as I mentioned in 9:47 1 minute uh Eastern time or not 1 minute Eastern time uh 9:47 Eastern time today on X that I would be using or looking for this 938 candle to act as an inversion fair value gap. It's the first presented fair value gap of the 9:30 to 10:00 opening range, which is 30 minutes. If I'm aiming to look for the setup here, and I believe that the high of that volume imbalance on the daily chart is my draw liquidity, the perfect terminus exit for me. So, I'm going to frame the entry off of the inversion free value gap here. Draw the fib up to that high of the volume and balance. The 50% level of that range is here. So, everything above that line is a premium. Anything below that line is a discount. So when I'm entering here inside this gray pool, am I entering at a premium? No. So again, there's a lot of people out there that love the terminology and the and the outlines I've created for you describing and determining what a premium and discount market is, but they don't necessarily understand exactly what they're doing. Okay? And you got to keep watching my stuff and practicing and listening to the lectures because just because you know the words and you can draw a fib with the 50% left on here, you may not be properly articulating what a discount premium market is. But we're going to extend that first% of fair value gap in the future. And now it becomes a discount array. So it's going to draw price down into as it does right there and stops dead in its tracks where some random level of a consequent encroachment of the first presented fair value got rallies back up to our old buy side liquidity here. Remember liquidity pools can act just like any other array. Just because it went up there and swept that liquidity doesn't mean that they won't use that area again. Remember the algorithm doesn't know how many orders are at that level. It's just going to go to that level to offer fair value to the marketplace. Not for your purpose of entering a trade, but for smart money. So the market trades up there once more, breaks lower, fair value gap, hits it here, trades down to first of the fair value gap again and into this small little gap here. We won't go into that's not even that important. Rallies one more time. Trades back into first bag gap and trades up into this run here. back into this little gap and then sells off back into the first recent fairback gap once more and trades back up. Now, keep an eye on the levels you see here. Okay, 19,901.25 is that sellside liquidity pool from the London's low. And then we have the old buy side liquidity. And then we have this line's going to disappear. It's not salient to what we're going to see in the afternoon. And then we're going to extend this daily volume and bounce over as well. And I'll leave this here for reference. Okay, so the chart looks slightly different, but there's your uh me exiting there in the daily volume imbalance, and it uses the first resent gap to rally up and works that level, that old initial buy side that I gave you at 9:47 on X today in a in a post, trades back up to the wick high of April 2nd, daily premium wick high, hits it perfectly, stops, comes back down to the old buy side liquidity pool, back up to the wick high and then we're going to start looking for the afternoon session run that goes into last hour trading. We can see it one more time trade up into that daily volume imbalance here. Consolidates around the old buy solid liquidity pool and then breaks aggressively lower back down in the first percent gap. Trades through it. Trades below the London low again. Fails to get back to first percent gap and does gives up the ghost breaking lower. And this level here is the midpoint of April 2nd, 2025's daily premium wick. That's the wick high. This is half of that wick on the daily chart. It draws down to that and below it, consolidates around that, and then we start the new day in here with a new day opening gap. All right, so that's going to be it today. Hopefully you uh you've learned something this week. I had a lot of great comments left telling me that they enjoyed having the mission possible. I will probably give you something Monday morning before the market opens up at 9:30 as a a task for next week. I won't make it so challenging as it was this time. And we'll have some Forex uh homework for you next week as well. All right, folks. That's going to be it. Enjoy your weekend and God willing, I will talk with you again next week.
