================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ Heavy Manipulation Review
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28M9ouiKmSY
================================================================================

folks. Welcome back. It's going to be a really, really short video. I mean that sincerely tonight. So, we're going to be looking at a Wednesday review for April 23 25. Right. Here's the daily chart for NASDAQ. And we're going to zoom in here and take a look at that right there. That premium wick constant encroachment and that volume imbalance. So, let's zoom in here. All right. So, right away, I want you to take a look at that wick right here. Now, why am I even referring to this one? Like, why would my eye jump to that? Why would your eye jump to that? Well, after the market starts to dive down here, where's the swing low here? This candle, this candle, and this candle. But this has a long wick or tail in this case. And what I like to do is I like to measure from the open down to the low. 50% of that is consequent encroachment because I teach you that a wick whether it's below or above a candlestick is to be treated as a gap. Draw that out in time. You can see during Wednesday's trading, we traded up here and hit that went just a little bit above it and came back off of it. The other point of interest is this volume imbalance here. So between this candlesticks open, this candlesticks open. There's no bodies laid down. There's wicks that are overlapping, but that's my volume imbalance. And then we opened here, traded up through it and up into the premium wick of this candlestick here. What makes this market environment presently difficult? Well, the fact that we're having a whole lot of like separation between the settlement prices, this right here. So, you have to focus where all the volume imbalances are. That's where you start. And when price was down here, you have to look up above from this low up to that high. Look through all that. So you had this volume imbalance. So when we started the week, looking back through all this, you can see the volume of balance there. Fair value gap with a volume imbalance. So technically it's this open to this high, but that's a PD rate for another time. And then you have this volume imbalance there. And then price did in fact trade up into this area once before. But PDAs are meant to be used more than once. Okay. So that's unfortunately one of the things that makes what I teach a little bit more complex than the standard support and resistance idea, which you know, napites like to say that's really what it is or supply and demand. It's nowhere near any of that stuff. It's way beyond it, light years ahead of it. But there's a a rhyme and reason. There's a a proper context to using them. And there is a time, there is a expiration on each PD array that I use. And it's the if the data ranges, okay, 20 day, 40day, 60-day look back. You can look back further than 40 days and still use those PDAs, but it's going to require you a whole lot more experience and knowing where the market is likely to go. I'll just leave that there. Okay. So, let's go in with these two PDAs in mind. Premium W consequent encouragement of this candlestick right here on the daily chart for NASDAQ June delivery contract 2025 and this volume of balance right here. Okay, those are the only two reference points on the daily chart that I'm going to have on the lower time frames. So, if you're on my Telegram channel this morning, uh we opened up the session with uh obviously a very large gap opening which is denoted here from previous days settlement. So, that large gap there generally it's usually within the scope of reasonable for it to continue moving in the direction of the extreme opening gap. in this case moving higher. But in the beginning of the session, I was not interested in going along with being long right away. I was insisting that the market would trade down to a discount and then this would have been a ideal scenario to reach up into. And if it were to trade beyond that, then we had this candlesticks high. But we do have these relative equal highs here that are again I I don't want to sell the idea that it's going to definitely go there. But as long as we keep pushing higher, that would be a reasonable area to to watch this. I don't know if we'll get into that this week. In other words, trade back down into it. Who knows? I I don't know. the way the the market's behaving, you know, tariffs are on, tariffs are off, you know, reciprocal tariffs. It's you can't keep up with it. It's it's it's madness. And I I believe this is what I was referring to back in 2016 when I did Twitter spaces and I talked about what you're actually seeing happen geopolitically and in the United States with our leadership. It's almost like I was giving you the the headlines of the newspapers and articles. you years in advance. Believe me, I'm taken back by it as well. So, let's drop down lower time frames. Here is a five-minute chart and you can see how the market did in fact trade up eventually into and above that daily premium wick consequent encoursement level and the market then gave up the ghost went lower and traded back down into that daily volume of bounce. It's in yellow and then went into a rangebound consolidation. All of these wicks here, look at all this back and forth. See all that right there? This is what I was anticipating when I said turn your charts off. If you're a member of my Telegram channel, that's free. Okay, you can find the link on my YouTube channel. Go to the description of my YouTube channel. Scroll down, you'll see the link to my official X and you'll see the link to my website and then you'll see the link to my official Telegram channel. That is absolutely free. I do not sell you a service. I do not deal with cryptocurrencies. They're garbage. They're trash. I would never take a payment from you with crypto. I would never send you a direct message. I'm never going to talk to you in a direct message on any medium, any social media at all. I'm not on Tik Tok. I am not on Instagram. I am not on Discord. I am not on threads. I'm not on Facebook. Okay. So, whoever you are seeing in those mediums, they're pretending to be me. If they're ever asking for money, well, there's your sign. It's not me. But these back and forth wicks here, that makes it obvious that there's manual intervention. Okay? When we have a very clean price run, we have inefficiencies. the inhibitions are allowed to be remaining open partially or if not entirely. That is a very clean market to trade in. And as soon as I started seeing signs of that this morning, that's why I just said you turn your charts off and trust me. Now, that doesn't mean that you can't trade it later on. It doesn't mean you can't eventually see a setup. It just means that I'm not going to be sitting in front of you knowing the influence that I have over many of you and I'm not going to influence you to do something that could potentially hurt yourself. Okay? So, we're in the Telegram channel. We're tape reading. We're not doing trade signals. We're not trying to get you in there to make money or or risk real money. It's for you to borrow my 33 years of experience and then see what my PDAs can do for you in the long run doing those same types of things in your own hands. So just know that while price was going back and forth like this, this is extremely difficult to trade in unless you have such a large stop, very very small risk and you've been positioned well in advance here, here or here and your stop is way down below there then obviously you can endure that okay but I was trading with the things that I teach which is first% of fair value gap or you know false breaks and I was not interested in being long. So I felt like it would be likely to pull back down into this little area right in here which had this low and I annotated that in Telegram. So that was really the first primary run I wanted to see and then moving in the same direction of the opening gap being bullish. this would have been another area I'd be reaching for, but we're going to see what happened in in reality here. So, here's a one minute chart, and here's the first percent of fair value right here. And you can see the market does in fact rally up, comes back down. Lots of ugly price action in here. And I said that we would likely see a draw back down into the first percent value gap. was a probable draw, meaning it's going to pull back down into that. That was me setting the stage for something like this move here, dropping down into first percent gap, then up into a PDA that I would have given you at a subsequent later time, but you know, as it were, we had all this back and forth price action. I mentioned that we pretty much can expect that they have ran out all the shorts and the market started to break lower. I went short on this candlestick. I will show you the execution in a moment. Then I mentioned this fair value gap. It trade up into it, started to sell off, got real close to first% of fair gap and then it does this return back up into it and then bang one more time. Then false rally drops down into the first present value gap then creates an imbalance here. Trades to the daily premium wick consequent encroachment creates a drop into the macro. And we have one more time a premium wick consequent encroachment. That's it right here. You can see the bodies are respecting that the wicks are allowed to do the damage. As you can see it, they did a lot of damage in here on a fiveman chart. And then during the 1050 to 1110 macro, we start to see it sell off. Nice little bearish order block with a cibby right there which is institutional orderflow entry drill. Three PD rays all in one. What I just said, play it back again. Write down your journal. That is a model in and of itself. If you have a bias, the market breaks lower, trades into this inefficiency that comes in inversion fair value gap. Another premium wick consequent encroachment here inside the inversion fair value gap and tanks down into pressure gap which we'll extend in a moment on the next slide. This will be extended over here and trading down into the daily volume imbalance and then below the sell side that I mentioned this morning in the telegram channel and into that fair gap. So it does that right here at 11:30 which begins the lunch macro. So, I want you to take a look at this candlestick right in here. And there I am shorting four at 19,108. And there's a little symbol telling you exactly where at on that one minute candle. So, it opened trade up a little bit and then started its way back down below this high. So, that was my turtle soup. I was mentioning that it was technically a turtle soup environment, meaning that it's a false breakout. buy stops have been taken and I'm looking for a drop back down into first present for partial one which would have been two contracts. That's how I would have done it today. And then I would have taken one below here and then I would have left the remaining to be taken below here. That's how I was going to trade it and plan it. And now you'll see this is where I got stopped out on this candlestick. And I had literally just dropped the stop just above this little high here. And you can see on that candlestick right there, that's where I got stopped out and match the price up over here. Okay. So, 2200 or so, 2210, 2220. Um, at the cost that would be in my case here a very fortunate outcome because it could have very easily ran up aggressively and put put me on a losing uh engagement today, which I guess many of you were like, can you just show that? And this in my in my view this is like a loss because I knew looking at it that I'm kind of like betting against it. But yeah, in this case I was fortunate with being experienced enough to drop the stop down. But if I wouldn't have done that, this would have been a loss. Like it would have been a loss altogether. The stop loss opened up on the position three ticks above this high. Okay. So, it was really, really thin in terms of the amount of movement I wanted to allow it to go against me. And if it was going to drop, it was going to have to start doing like it did here. If it did all this back and forth and started running up, then I would have been waiting for this level here. But, you know, I was working with this morning session and it is what it is. Sometimes when manual intervention is underway and that's what all this stuff is in here even I can't win against that. Okay. And there's no shame in that. There's no excuses about it. It's just that's the facts. Uh my concepts work. They're strong. I know how to use them. I have enough experience to use them properly. You've seen it for a long time. But up against the hand, you know, at any time they can do these types of things. And that's why we have to have proper risk management. Don't overlever and stop losses have to be used. You cannot use a mental stop. You cannot pretend that you'll h I'm watching it real close. You can't do that in these environments right now, folks. I promise you the people that are trading without stop losses are biting their nails. They're not sleeping well at night. Their digestive system is probably a wreck and they're not consistently profitable. So that's gambling. That's really gambling. So I told everyone once this occurred here I said okay turn your charts off trust me and then it went back and forth and he hall dropped down into the first of gap then right up to that premium wick consequent encouragement and then started its maneuver back down. This type of thing's going to happen to you. You may get a trade on in a day like this and suffer a loss and then later on see it do where you thought it was going to go to a specific level and you you get mad. You get tore up about it. You get emotional. Those guys did it to us guys again. That's unfortunately what this game sometimes entails. Meaning you're going to do it wrong. No matter how good you are, you're good. your concepts are how good the mentor was at taught the you all those things are well and good but remember it's still their casino it's still their rules it's still their advantage all the time and they can come in here and move price because they own it their commodity can make price wherever it wants to be at in their eyes it can go there right away and it matters not where our stop loss or our position is net long or net So, I want you to take a quick look again. Go back and look at what we have here for these PD arrays because I'm going to be scrolling to the right in the future more. And I'm going to extend some of these levels here so that way we know what we're looking at. Okay. So, the first fairback gap here acts as an inversion fair gap here. Beautiful. This looks like it touches it as you zoom in on it. gets just real close to a tick or so away and then rolls over, which is actually good because you want to see them fail when it's weak. And if it can't even touch the PDA and starts to sell off, then it's wonderful. Take the first you got and that would be right in here, which is an overlap of that daily volume imbalance here and then trades down into the lower quadrant of that daily volume imbalance. And then we started banging around inside that and then traded outside of it here. And later on the afternoon, you can see that's that move outside and below the daily volume imbalance and it creates a sellside liquidity pool. The market rallies up, creates the runs off of the quadrants on the daily volume imbalance. It's that yellow shaded area. That's the level I started with the daily chart. Then it rallies back up the first percent of fair value gap. Trades back down into the daily volume imbalance. Here's the afternoon session first percent of fair value gap. It trades up into this morning session first got and then drops down below it and reading here hits it starts to work lower and one more time but during a macro 250 to 310 hits the first business fair value tongue twister I'm not going to edit any of this stuff out hits the first presented fair value gap of the afternoon opening range which is 1:30 to 2:00 I've taught that and again I'm saving a lot of details about that because I know some of you are so hurried up to try to put something in print before me, but you're all going to be wrong when your books get out there. I promise you, you're going to be an embarrassment. And I'm not trying to be mean, but I'm holding it back for my own books. So, there you go. The macro sends it lower and attacks the sell side here like that and banged around here. If you extend that first, present a very bad gap in the afternoon opening range. End up hitting it here. The body stay inside of it. the wicks are left to do the damage and then it trades back down into the lower end of that daily volume imbalance. That's it for this one folks. Hope you found it insightful. Just a quick note, I get a lot of questions a lot of times uh folks will post things to me on X or they'll send it to me in the comments section of my YouTube channels. Do I have a account on Facebook? No, I do not. I don't have an account on Tik Tok. I don't have an account on threads. I don't have an account on Instagram. I don't have an account on Discord. I have one Telegram channel that you are welcome to be a part of. It's free. Everything I share in there real time, which we'll be later transitioning to, where I will send PDF notes and study notes and study guides on either market reviews for the week. So that way you can go through. I want to do not a not an every day or every week type thing, but I want to do a example of how if I was going to do electronic logging or journaling, what would it look like and and what what things would I include in it? Okay, so that way you kind of get a feel for what I think you should be as my student doing every day, every day or week or uh month or quarter or year. All these things are going to help build your understanding about who you are as a trader, what you're going to focus on, specialize in, and help make a more concise trading plan using what I'm teaching here. Because not every concept I ever taught is applied by me in every every instance or every model. It's just you have to find what makes sense to you. What what's germanine to your understanding about yourself and price? Are you a contrarian? Are you someone that takes a lot of things to change your mind? or are you very shortfused and and you change your mind a lot indecisive? Um all those things are characteristics personalitywise that are going to help you build a model that fits that and all of my PDAs can be used to to formulate that. But you first have to go through the process of discovering who you are and what makes you tick and how will you self-destruct. Because no matter whose concepts you use, who's your teacher, whatever thing you're going to trade with, if you are reckless and and and in many ways likely to self-destruct at any time, you're going to do that with anybody's concepts, with anybody else's mentorship or anybody else's winning system. Even if they had winning trade signals, if you follow them, you'll still mess it up. Okay? Okay. So, that's why I teach the way I do because it it isn't enough for you to know a good system or attacking the price action with secret weapons of PDAs or you know the correct support or resistance or whatever indicator settings you like. It's first understanding who you are and that's what makes me the most boring mentor. But it also in many ways makes me the leading edge of what makes it work best. And apply that to anybody else's strategies and you'll see that they work near flawlessly because you've corrected the source problem which is going to be you the operator. And if you don't fix that first, everything else is going to fall. Okay, till talk to you next time. Be safe.
