================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - Turtle Soup Deferred Entry With -Rejection Block
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5N4QHrY6DRc
================================================================================

Hello folks, how are you? Hello folks, how are you? So, I hope you enjoyed your Passover holiday last week. I know I did. So, we're going to take a quick look. I promise it won't be long. Real quick, easy, painless. Um, if you watched what I was showcasing this morning in my Telegram channel, and you can find the link to the Telegram channel on my pinned post on my X channel or profile on X. It'll give you a visual on how to locate it on my YouTube channel. So that way there's a lot of people out there that have fake ICT Telegram channels and they're trying to sell you stuff and do all kinds of nonsense. Uh it's very easy for you to locate it. It's in the channel description on my YouTube channel. And again the visuals on actually how to find that is on the pinned post on my ex channel. All right. So we are looking at the five minute chart on NASDAQ June delivery contract for 2025. Uh this morning I was outlining. I had very low expectations admittedly. Uh usually I my protocol for trading after a holiday. Um and even though markets were trading last week I was not participating in any of that. I was uh fasting from the markets, if you will, and the the long separation from what the market did the previous week to when I first look at the market today. I I like to give it a like one day buffer. So today I showcased a execution and you're going to see it again here. Uh just for disclosures purpose I am going to let you know that it was not a live fund account trade. Usually I'll come out and I'll tell you you know it's you know a demo when I want you to understand it was a demo. So because it's within keeping the the rules and processes protocols I follow. Uh this could have very easily been a day where treating this setup would not have yielded an outcome like this. So because I am a stickler for principles and and rules when I'm trying to teach it to you all uh again just know that the money that you see here today shown on this particular trade was done through the medium of a paper trading account through trading view. But again if the concepts are showcasing you know theory in action I'll leave it to you as the viewer to determine whether or not there's any value in that. Okay. So again, as a reminder, you will see at the end of the year live broker statements, but for now, let's just get through the year. Okay, so we're looking at the uh June contract five-minute chart, and I showcased in my Telegram channel. We're going to look right in here. There was a couple things I had already outlined, which were this large cibby for the new week opening gap. So, here's a new week opening gap high, new week opening gap low. and the outgoing encouragement in lower and upper quadrant levels. And then we worked away from that. We had a inversion fair value gap here trading up into the 650 to 610 a.m. Eastern time macro that supposedly never exists. We have buy side relative equal highs here and a volume imbalance. Really, really easy uh anticipation running up into that and the market broke aggressively lower. Now, if it was not a day after the long break from trading, from not participating or even watching price during the Passover week last week, uh then I would have actually taken that trade like that would have been an easy low, you know, a low difficulty trade setup. And I would be looking for this level here, which is an old hourly low. I'll show it to you in a moment. And then I may have been more inclined to hold on to the trade for a little bit longer instead of just the small little move that I was looking for and you watched me do on uh the X. So the market again breaks below this low here. And I I've taught breakers obviously. You can go in the 2016 ICT mentorship playlist and for month four I teach the breaker as an introductory there. I've done lots of lessons and and and built on it since then. But uh this is the candlestick that is my bearish breaker. So technically what you want to see is the last down candle prior to a run higher and these highs here buy side lowest low before this high takes out that buy side and it trades up into a premium array. I mentioned this in the Telegram channel, but just for completeness sake, there's a lot of you that can't either subscribe to Telegram, which I don't understand why you can't. It's free, but or don't want to use Telegram, which I can appreciate and understand, too. But for those individuals that were not members of that and watch me outline this, you know, explain it in the video in Telegram, I'm doing it for you here just later in the day. I mentioned how I walked through this buy side of balance sell sign efficiency right here which is this volume of balance to that candle sticks low. So all this shaded area is a buy center balance sellside sign efficiency but when the market provides this context where it trades through it this changes to a inversion fair gap bearish inversion fair gap. Why? Because this was a buy side imbalance sellside in efficiency. If it was a bullish market, it would come back down into it and hit it like it did here and then rallied up to the premium array. But since we broke down, keeping with the bearish market uh direction, it's been delivered since we started this week here. Um, and because of all the tariffs and all of the other stuff that's going on in the geopolitical arena, it just it's very hard for the market to find traction. So when we traded below it, I outlined this when we were trading here and you can see that in the telegram channel it trades up into it trades the consequent encroachment just a little bit above it. The bodies respecting the low end of it and traded down lower and right in here I said okay hypothetically you would pay the trader. So that was a preession uh setup that I outlined during the Telegram channel. But obviously we know during the opening uh the market can run short-term highs and short-term lows. So if the market's bearish and we had relative equal lows down here, you can see how the market did in fact run up. But look at the bodies. See that? So we had all of this damage done with the wick and then this wick here basically is consequent encroachment of that. I have taught this in 2024 tongue tester 2024. Um I just entered up on my YouTube channel. You can see it's just perfect delivery. It's algorithmic. Okay. You're going to tell me that buyers and sellers agreed to stop transacting right there at the consequent of a level on a wick which is premium PD array. You're going to tell me some goober out there wrote a book and has that in there before I ever release it to the community. I'm going to tell you right now, you're a liar and nobody's brought it forth to prove it. Nothing rebranded. All original stuff here. Hot, fresh, right from the oven. And this baker never runs out of yeast. So, the market runs up into that and then breaks lower. So, I'm watching this on a 5minute chart. You can't see what I'm seeing because I'm only recording on one screen with my system, which you can see a short little video of it. I have 12 monitors in my office. So, I have different time frames on different charts. So, I'm watching a plethora of things. I'm watching other markets that are correlated to it. Watching ES, I'm watching YM. I'm watching dollar index. I'm watching bonds. I'm watching key currencies. I'm not looking at key stocks. I know that's a popular thing with a lot of people. I could care less because everything I need to find is what I'm looking at. So, because we have this idea here and it's likely to run the 18,080 level, which to me was a very easy lowhanging fruit objective, very easy, simplistic, nothing crazy about it. Um, it could have just went down here, take out that low like it did here, and then traded, banged around a little bit, and didn't do anything. That would be a classic type of day after a Passover slash you may call it Easter um break from the normal uh volume that comes in the marketplace. If you watched last week uh that is a little bit more animated than a Passover week's volume because usually it gets real wonky and it doesn't really deliver very cleanly. And I I don't regret being in front of the um the charts at not being in front of the charts at all last week. But anyway, I'm starting to ramble on. This is the again the context here from the five-minute basis. And then we're going to drop down into the one minute chart and finish this up real quick. All righty. Here we are on the one minute chart. You can see on this candlestick right here, it runs up after opening, runs up, hits the consequent encroachment of the five-minute premium wick, stops dead in its tracks, and then starts to displace and go lower. My eye my eye is is toggled onto that right there, that up close candle. Now, what am I looking at that for? Why am I watching that? because we've already shown the initial run into that inversion fair value gap and this one right here and then we went lower. So all of this was outlined before the fact and then at 9:30 opening the route up into the clear the preession stops for anyone that's already short. Classic scenario classic classic. So this inversion fair value gap gets used again but I wanted to wait and see because of the nature of the marketplace. Even it was a demo account execution. I still wanted it to be nice and clean and principally based. So, as it left trading below it, I'm trying to wait and time it when it hits this uh closing price. So, I want to show you like this. So, here you go. That is the rejection block. It's a bearish rejection block. And right there, just like that. Okay. So, as price is dropping down on a one minute chart, as it does that right there, it's doing two things. It's leaving the inversion fair value gap. This after proving that the consequent corion of the five-minute wick stopped price in its tracks. And look at the bodies here. Everybody is higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Rejection, algorithmic destruction, it price takes it outside of the inversion fair value gap. And as soon as it hits this level here, the algorithm is going to start spooling. Okay, I'm not going to go any greater detail here. promise you in the book volume one I will talk about this very thing right here because this is a deferred entry to a turtle soup false breakout um higher high reversal pattern. Okay, so I I try to cover every possible scenario that you may be familiar with the general principle of a buy stop read here. Turtle soup is my little play on and a nod to the pattern that was taught in Street Smarts by Linda Rashki and Larry Connors. But I do not trade that form of turtle soup. I don't use a 20-day high. I don't use a 21-day high. This isn't even daily charts. These is just one minute candles. Okay, but the premise behind a stop hunt stop. Uh it's just a beautiful little mechanism of entering a trade. But you have to know what the narrative is. And if you don't know what the narrative is, you're going to get lost in the sauce. You're not going to know what you're looking for. What high you going to pick? You know what? What are you going to aim for as your entry mechanism? How do you know it's not going to keep going up? That's what I teach. I teach narrative. I understand how far it's going to go. And I gave this inversion fair value gap before the opening bell, but true to form. Look what it does. The wicks are allowed to do the dimension. That doesn't matter to me. Like I'm looking for how those wicks are laid down. And then I look for this type of scenario here, which is what I taught in 2024. uh more insights about that pattern as well also in volume one of my books. Uh volume one absolutely will be out before Christmas this year. So please stop sending me emails um when the publisher gets it ready then that's when it's ready and when it's ready you'll you'll know about it and I'll I'll tweet about it or post it on X and I'll do a little uh press release on my YouTube channel. But you know asking me about it isn't making it happen any sooner. Okay. So anyway that's the business there. The market right now and takes out the relative equal lows. This is a minor sellside liquidity pool and then finally that right here the old low in the morning session. So what I've been doing in case you haven't noticed is just for the morning session if I'm operating inside the preession or during the opening range or the first hour trading that's kind of like that little small little area of opportunity I've been focusing on for this year's executions. And sometimes I'll do trade setups in other time frames. You've seen me trade London now. You've seen me trade Asia. You see me trade the PM session and the afternoon New York session, but really my focus has been primarily trying to get you to focus on just a small little window of opportunity that's framed by time and looking for very simplistic things that repeat and it's been a pleasure um this this year just showcasing it without a doubt proof before it happens the very PDA raas because I get a lot of questions a lot of people will leave uh condescending remarks in other people's channels about what it is I teach and they be they may be using it and then because they're using it they have trolls that come in they try to tear them down and and say it doesn't work or it's rebranded but they can't even come up with where it was rebranded to show me in a book show anybody in a page number you prove it you prove it it's never it's never able to be done by them so I want you to understand that by showcasing these things and I'm pulling out in the telegram channel the very PD race that's going to cause the moves and it's undeniable Okay. So, um I I I get great deal of encouragement as an educator when I see the comments section and there's lots of them every single day um on YouTube where I see them. You can't see them, but I can. And I just want you to know there's so many of you. I'm just doing a blanket response saying I appreciate your, you know, willingness to take a couple minutes to type out your your comments or uh you suggestions to continue. Uh, but I will tell you this. Um, the the live calling the markets type stuff, uh, that's only going to be for the month of May and then I'm going to stop and you'll understand why after that because, uh, what I'm going to be doing, I don't want anybody else looking at the market the same way I am. Okay? Uh, but I will give you lectures and and maybe reviews if not um, post May until we get to the end of the year. Uh, I have a schedule I want to keep and some things I want to accomplish and some projects I'm working on. So, um, it's not that I'm going to stop altogether, you sharing with you. I just I'm not going to be doing the daily pointing to where it's going to re refer to specific PD arrays. Uh, cuz it's already being sold in other Telegram channels as somebody else's analysis. Um, Discord channels are also copying what I'm saying and they're treating it as analysis and they're selling it, too. So yeah, it doesn't take long for somebody to come in, a small handful of people to come in and and try to pretend that they're doing it themselves. And that's why I've been baiting them more by not putting any watermarks on the on the videos on X because I know they're sharing those things and pretending it was them. And they're in other countries and they the people probably don't even know who I am. And that's fine. But when the water turns off, when ICT turns the utilities off, you got nothing else to talk about. You you run out of yeast. I don't run out of use. So, let's take a look at the the setup. I'm only showcasing the the moves that are basically working inside the first 60 minutes of trading. And if you showcase this here, you can see that this candle right there. And I'm I'm targeting right there that rejection block. And I'm doing it on a market order basis. So, it's not going to be perfect, but that's what I'm aiming for. Okay. And then obviously the little low over here, you can see it gets filled below it there. And then it comes right back up to the old hourly low, which I will show you in a moment what that is. Trades up into the volume imbalance here and breaks lower. Takes another low out there. Trades one more time up in to the old hourly low and then they send it. this move here. This is not what I'm trying to give all of you this year because this is Robin's cup winning type setups and I'm not trying to spoon feed that. I I know that there's two guys that are basically following along what I'm doing. And you got to get your own honey buddy. You can't you can't be in there getting it from me. And then you wonder why they're slipping on the leaderboard because ICT turned the valve off. All right. So, okay. But we're seeing it obviously break lower. Then we had some buy side liquidity here that took that and broke lower. And again the same thing in here right there. Sales on a bounce by side efficiency. When it's a wick that overlaps it like that means they're going to revisit it again. And you see it there. I'll just highlight it once more. Right there. It's easier to see it like this. These old eyes are mine. See it here. Beautiful. Look at the body's respecting that. Okay. Um the again this is one of those how do you know which um fair you have ICT? Uh well first of all number one premise is time why why should it form where it's forming two where is it in the context and narrative of the the day is it profile it's going to be a trending day it's going to be consolidation day it's going to be reversal and if you see the fair value gap that has a wick laying over top of it okay you see that body right there none of that candlestick's body is laying anywhere inside of that fair value gap this is going to be revisited in other words like a reclaimed fair value gap 90% of the time it's going to 90% of the time it's going to happen. So you can see it respecting it there. Now everybody else would see this. Okay. Allah Lori crowdn uh they're going to say okay well this is done. You know what you're talking about. So the market rallies up, wicks up to the high end of it and then you have the what the opening right at that low of that fair value gap and it stops dead in its tracks right there and sends it lower and we're going to attack low down here. What's the sell side liquidity? Market breaks lower. One more attempt to get in here. What's it hitting the breaker this candlestick here? No, it's the lowest down close candle. Watch. And you use the entire range, not just the body. Sometimes you use the wicks, not when it comes to breakers. And there you go. You see it beautifully trading there. Sends it lower relative equal lows breaks lower. And now we left these here. And now we've come off of that into the close merger on C close if you will. Okay. So this right here has been left, which I like that. So this might be something overnight. It might be something for tomorrow. Uh, just have that in mind. And just so you know, for completeness sake, there it is. Uh, we're looking for 17,700 and just below. Okay, so that's the level I'm going to be watching for this evening. If I wake up during London, I'll take a look at and see where we're there. And then tomorrow's trading again. That's what we're looking for as something to draw us down into that. If it doesn't just completely do it after u 4:30 when early trading hours are completed and the settlement finally finishes it just the markets are all over the place folks. The volatility is off the off the charts and no pun intended. Hopefully this was insightful. Hopefully it was helpful to you. If not just keep coming back and you'll get more and I promise it'll help you. Until talk to you then be safe.
