================================================================================
PLAYLIST: ICT Price Action Chronicles
VIDEO: ICT Price Action Chronicles - MOC Crushing The Buying & Selling Pressure Myth
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFWqQelvrJw
================================================================================

Won't you wish your mentor was hot like me? All right, folks. Welcome back. Welcome back. It is a lovely day, beautiful. Thank you so much. Praise the Lord. All right, so we're looking at the E- Mini S&P because folks out there just simply can't accept the fact that it works beyond the NASDAQ. I know a lot of you are kind of like resistant to the NASDAQ and you like the good old smooth buttery slopes of E- Mini S&P and that's fine. That's fine to each their own. Okay, but in keeping with what I said in the last market on close macro lecture just just yesterday, just yesterday. So crazy. Um, if you haven't watched that video, I promise you this is going to hit differently if you go and watch it first, then come back to this. Yes, you're probably going to invest about an hour in total time if you're watching at regular time, but if you're like the rest of these individuals on the internet, uh, they like to watch things double time. Okay, so there you go. We can compress it down about 35 minutes or so. You'll probably get the entire gist of both yesterday's lecture which gives you the context. It gives you the rules, what we're looking for, what to measure, what range is important, how it should behave, all those types of things. And then I'm going to apply it right to yesterday's market on close. Now, I know I know some of you are thinking, bro, showing me a little tiny move in the afternoon and the market's going all over the place. I already nailed that down. Okay, I already nailed that down. and I already secured that. We'll get into that at the wrap-up today. But for now, let's go in here and let me tickle your fancy with another market on close macro lecture, okay? And then we're going to move on to something else. So again, this is just to show you that when we're looking at examples that are shown in this playlist, it's for you to see how you should be journaling. It isn't a lot of work to do, but you can obviously invest more time into it, but I don't think that uh you you don't need to do like a PhD level um treaty on it. It's just whatever is salient to you at your understanding. But as you get better and better and better, you're going to have a little bit more refinement. I could obviously I could build these slides up that created here for good grief in encyclopedia level, but I'm just trying to show you how simple it can be. And when you save them and you go through them at the end of the week, at the end of the month, or when the market's behaving in a certain way where it doesn't seem like it's really running to things on an algorithmic basis, it's just sloppy. You want to be able to look at your own uh price action and remind yourself it's going to pass and we'll be we'll be back to levels where we can see predictive analysis. Let's say it that way. All right. So this is again for Tuesday New York PM session. So I am reviewing yesterday's closing hour in regular trading hours. So August 4th, 2026 and obviously today is Wednesday the 5th of August. In three more days, good old ICT turns 54. Can you believe that? Can you believe that? 54. Make make 54 look good. This is I wish I wish I could have told myself when I was younger before I started all this stuff. Listen here. You don't see it coming, but you're going to shine in your 50s. So, here we go. That's the entire range. And I'm showing you a measurement here. This is important. Okay, we're going to come back to this. So, in your mind, get a mental snapshot of this. All right? And if you have a cell phone, take a picture of these two levels right up here. Okay? And zoom in. Make sure you can see that number and that one right there. Okay? I made it a little bit hard for you to see it. That way, you have to zoom in and take some initiative. Okay? I ain't doing everything for you. So the low right there at 9:30 Eastern time yesterday during Tuesday's regular trading hours opening range start at 9:30 and then all the way up to the close at 4:00 which is around here somewhere in that vicinity. These two levels right here this one and this one. Okay, this one I said this one earlier but you know just relax. I'm excited. Okay, cuz I have to get back to my chart so that we I can reveal [laughter] what I moonwalked on today. All right, and I want you to take your cell phone and zoom in and take a picture of this level and this level. Okay? Because this is measuring the low to the highest high. And I already know some of you are going to say, "But you would you wouldn't have known that." I'm going to show you how you're checking yourself. Okay, before you're wrecking yourself, just know that those levels are going to be important. When I tell you the daily range, full daily range measurements from high to low, that's these levels right here. So, I'm going to ring in those levels on the lower one minute time frame. So, don't be confused. Don't be discombobulated. Okay, this is the information I'm pulling from. I'm going to talk about that high in a moment to the tick. Okay, so inside this little area, that's the last hour of trading between 3:00 p.m. Eastern time and 400 p.m. Eastern time. Okay, so that's the last hour regular trading hours trading. So we're going to zoom into that little area just like we did on Monday. Okay, it says zoom on into that. So here we are. We have the area shaded in a light yellow. It's not one of my favorite colors, but it will accomplish the method. And over here we have the beginning of what? The PM session pre-market start time. So 1:30 p.m. Eastern time. Always set your time to what? New York local time. Okay. So notice the time down here. I can't record that trade that I showed on my phone. It's it's going. It's it's going, but I have to obviously manage things with one screen. Okay. With one screen. It is what it is, folks. So, don't you have that setup where you got like 12 monitors and this that and the other thing and you have a NASA? I got all that. Okay, I haven't been using it for a long time just to show you that one laptop and today I had to use a cell phone to screenshot something. But anyway, I'm I digress, right? I like doing this stuff because people say make it short. Get to the point. The point is, you're either here to hang out with the old man and have fun while you're learning or go watch somebody else, okay? Because I promise you, if you stick around, Mr. Wizard's going to impress you with some really cool stuff today. Beginning session 9 at uh at 9:30 in the morning, Eastern time, starts the trading session hours, and then we go into 11:30 a.m. Eastern time, begins the two-hour lunch, and then it ends at 1:30 p.m. Eastern time. That's this right here. Same thing we annotated yesterday. All right. So, it's going to be important in a moment. And this high here. Oh, look at that. He's sneaking up on here. He had to show his face, didn't he? Look at Look at this guy creeping around. He's got his eye on you. He's got his eye on you. In case you try to take these lectures and pretend you did it, okay, you made it, right? [laughter] You didn't make nothing, boy. So, this stripped away. We don't have those levels from the daily range, high and low. They're not there. But I'm going to pull them back in in a moment. Okay, you ready? Be honest. Are you ready? Some of you I don't think you're ready. Pause the video and catch your breath. Center yourself. Take all the distractions and put them away. And then when you're ready, press resume. You know you're not ready. You didn't push the button. You didn't pause it. What are you doing? You look at you're all hopped up on goofballs because you see I get it. I get it. I get it. It's fun, isn't it? I'm really jerking some people's chains today, aren't I? So, we have that buy side liquidity pool right there. This guy can't stay on track. He's got OCD, ADHD, hyperactivity. But you know me, I'm good with ICT. So identate that vertical line so we can focus right on that there. You see that right there? That's the beginning of the session for pre-market session. That 30-minute window between 1:30 p.m. Eastern time to 2:00 p.m. Eastern time. Okay? Just like there's a opening range for 9:30 to 10:00 once the opening bell occurs for regular trading hours and indices for PM session. It's the same thing here. So you have to start there. Okay. Now watch. This is important folks. This is really important. Once you know that, okay, once you know that here, you're going to try to determine from what that point on where this little segment of time what price is going to do. Now, when you're brand new or you're next to no experience or if you're first-time viewers or if you're just recently um curious and you just don't really want to subscribe to what I'm teaching, but you just want to see what the old man's up to, you're not going to understand what I'm saying. Okay? But we have been teaching sessions. We've been teaching very specific macros, very specific times of the day where things generally run to a script. Okay? And what I'm suggesting to you is is when this time occurs in my mind, I'm thinking how is everything after that moment going to impact these 10 minutes. Okay. Now, again, some of you are going to watch this video and not be aware that I've already took down a monster hall this morning shorting NASDAQ, but it'll be on a video after this one. Okay? [laughter] But my focus is is trying to find out what this little range is going to do in time in reference to whatever price books between 1:30 p.m. Eastern time to 3:50 p.m. Eastern time to 4:00 p.m. Eastern time. So, inside that tiny little 10-minute window. Okay. For a person with very little time, as I mentioned yesterday and other times when I mentioned market on close macro, you can do your entire career with just that small little window of opportunity. Not many want to try to do that obviously, but it can be done. So when it started at 3:00, okay, so 3:00 is the beginning of the final hour of trading, regular trading hours. That's what's shaded here. Okay, this entire shaded area is 3:00 p.m. Eastern time to 400 p p.m. Eastern time. Notice that that buy side liquidity pool is sitting right here and they rallied up and it's hanging around in here just shy of that high. Now, as we get closer and closer to beginning at 3:50 p.m. Eastern time, it's reasonable to anticipate that this is likely to go up air and knock out buy side. But we've been going up all day. All of Tuesday went straight up. Okay. So, when the market's like that, it's generally considered long in the tooth. It's an expression. It means it's been it's been doing something for a long period of time and it's it's probably growing tired and it's reasonable to anticipate some consolidation and or in this case a retracement. Okay. So, as I was watching this market in here and it drops down, it goes right into this little buy side and bounce sell sign in efficiency at the beginning at 300 p.m. Eastern time, then it starts to rally up. I'm anticipating it's going to run through these relative equal highs that high and that high. But how far how far ICT, you know, how do you know when a turtle soup's going to run out of steam and go the other direction? Yeah. See that, Juliet? Tell your boyfriend this is what the real deal is. Okay, [laughter] the rally the rally takes off and clears this high and clears this high right here. Now, what's so special about this particular high? Why would it stop there? Like what's the what's the significance for all the selling pressure to come in? All the selling pressure to come in at that moment. And where did all the buying pressure go? Like it's it's gone. It's fell out of style. And now selling pressure is in vogue. So what determines that right there at the high for that? Think about it. Like the buying and selling pressure myth. I'm going to smash it. I'm going to curb stomp it today. Okay. It's going to have no more teeth. It can't bite you. You don't have to worry about arguing with people. Okay. that little high right there to the tick. There's science behind that. Okay, we're going to go forward and focus on this low, which is a dealing range low and dealing range high. What makes that so? Well, it's the low starting at 130 and this is the highest high of the day. That's pretty simple, isn't it? At this point here at three o'clock, those levels are absolutely known right there and right there. It's this low is lower than that one and that one and that one. And there's only one high prior to where we're at here and it's the daily high intraday. Hasn't booked for the daily high yet, but we're in the last hour trading. So, where's it smooth here? Where is it jagged here? So, take out the high, go to buy side, and then because we've been going all day long, it's going to come off the high of the day and then settle lower than the high. That's the anticipation. So, we're going to be looking for a rally up above these highs. I teach that all the time. But again, how far should it go up? Well, we're going to bring in the grid. Okay. So, we're measuring and grading the low to the high. See that? Pairing that forward. Okay. Bringing them all the way across to the entirety of the the range input upon which we're going to use for the closing the session. If we are looking at this small little dealing range right here, why am I picking that one? Because it's pulled down into buy set of balance outside efficiency. It went down as close as you can get to equilibrium of this high to this low. See that? So it's traded down to a discount as close as you can get to it without breaching the midpoint and it's respecting the buy side of balance sell sign and efficiency. That's what's happening here. Okay. So when price goes down here like that and leaves this high and this high, I'm going to anticipate the market's going to rally up and clear out that buy side, then reject and go lower. And that would be the market on close script. Now, right away, I know what you're thinking. But how do you know that? I don't know it until it starts to run to that high. I don't want to short it. I don't want to go long yet. I want to see it go up into this high. Right away, you can see that that measurement on this low to high on the fib. If you add negative0.5, which is what I've been teaching, it'll print this. You got to drag the fib from low up to high and include that on your setting on your fibs. And what you're going to do is you're going to take the old high that was intraday and you're going to grade that that there's two ranges there. You see me do this in the recording that you'll see at the end of this video. You'll actually see me execute, okay? using this all this logic. I'm I'm using it. It's not market replay. When these goobers out there say, "Oh, it's it's market replay." Listen, it's not market replay. It's not. Okay? Like, you can prove it's not market replay by simply just looking at the open here and the countdown, the close on the the price axis. And look at the bottom of the screen. You would see the market replay controls. It's not there, folks. And I'm screenshotting as I go. and then I send it to X and now we're getting the breakdown so that we understand what I was doing, why and how it relates to yesterday's logic. It's not a reinvention. It's not twisting and contorting the logic. It's me just carrying the same pro process. So we want to know what the range is that we have to define in the last portion of the day. And we get that measurement here. And when we do that, we can grade this high pulled up to that level that was just shown here. Okay, that level here. So, you're going to anchor the fib to this high. Draw it up to that level. Make sure the numbers match. Okay? And you're going to get a midpoint in here. That's what you watch me do in the trade recording. That gives you this level right here, 7,786 even. Well, the high on this candle comes in at astonishing, isn't it? 7,786 even. Now, I didn't have much time because I'm trading with a one minute chart. And once it did this and I proved that that was a halfway point in the trade or in in the video of the trade, I ended up getting in short right inside this gap which is a buy set balance sellside efficiency with a small little uh volume imbalance. So you got to include that. But if we're expecting prices to go down, okay, during these last 10 minutes, again, it's surgical strikes that that's all these market on close things are small little surgical strikes. It's not to say, "Look at me, how smart I am, and then some other guy out there that got lucky," and he's holding on to something for a couple hundred handles. We're not comparing that. I'm showing you the precision elements, the timing aspects, the script that it follows, the logic that I taught you years ago about Market on Close. If you're a charter member behind the payw wall, that that community that does not exist anymore, okay? You can't join it. I don't do one-on-one mentorship, so please stop asking me. Um, the the market started to pull back down and it got below here. Now, anything anything between this high and that high if you're trying to get short would be a viable entry. You could use this wick here and anything at the midpoint above anything there. Perfect. Perfect. Now, here's here's where it gets interesting. Here's that fair bag you got. And it smashes down through. And look what it does. closes below it. So what does that mean when it does that? According to ICT's order flow rules that's visually represented in a candlestick, no gimmicks required, no software program required, no heat maps, no level two, no special charts, no deep penetration charts, none of that stuff. Okay? all these things here like that volume imbalance it vi it violates the low of that and closes that validates this as if you're right on your bias that means you got to know the direction otherwise these things are going to fail in your hands in the beginning when you don't know what the bias is consistently it's going to fail in your hands it does not mean my concepts fail it doesn't mean that the logic is you know inferior it doesn't mean that they ch change the algorithm it just means that you yourself as the operator don't know what you're doing yet and that's okay that's normal in the It takes time to learn this stuff. Okay, validates it. We open on this candlestick and trade right up into the volume imbalance and fails to touch consequent encouragement of that gap which is defined by that candlesticks low. That candlestick's close because there's a volume imbalance. So that right there tells you is the market bullish or bearish according to the rules that I teach in regards to using candlesticks only. It's bearish. So, it supercharged the idea that it took the high out. We're fast approaching, getting into the window of 3:50 p.m. Eastern time to 400 p.m. Eastern time. And on this very candle that starts the 350 macro, the algorithm starts running. What is it using? Is it using Andrew's pitchforks? Is it using supply and demand? Is it using Wyoff? Is it using level two footprint? volume profile, support and resistance, whatever it is. Is it doing all those things or is it doing what I'm telling you it's doing? It starts its run, opens, trades right up to inversion fair value. You see that I got entered in on this candlestick when it was inside of this little area. I'll show you in a moment. Just go back to the recording too at the at the end. You'll see it's there and you see it in real time. There's not sped up. These goobers out there trying to say, "Oh, he speeds it up cuz he's trying to hide something." No, I'm not. I'm just making it so it's palatable on X. Simple. But you're getting the long form of it here. And you guys don't want to watch this stuff. You want to know something real quick by watching a small little fiveminute trainer or less. Give me a Tik Tok version of this or you can't teach it. You don't know what you're doing. Man, get out of here. Opens rallies up into diversion fair value gap. Fails to touch consequent encroachment. Breaks lower aggressively. This is all the first minute of the macro at 350. Now to the left of that we see a small little pool of liquidity here. So there's sellside there. There's sellside here relative equal lows. There's sellside here. There's sellside here. And then we have the dealing range low for the PM session start of pre-market. So 1:30 to 2:00. That's the beginning. That's the lowest low of that range from here to the intraday high which we just popped the top of over here. Okay. So what happens if I would have got stopped out? Say it went higher here. Well, once it broke below this again, then I would use this fair value gap to go short again. That that's what I would do. You're not going to avoid imperfection. Imperfection is what you're always going to exist in. Even though you're aiming for perfection, it's like I said, it's a target. It's not a destination. You'll never arrive at perfection. price action and its delivery can be perfect. In this case, you see it's perfect. Okay? And what we're looking for is the lowest hanging fruit objective. Now, let's go back to this range high to low equilibrium is right here. So, to reach for a discount PD array, you can use this cell side, you can use this cell side, you can use this cell side. But before you get to this sell side, look at this right in there. It's a beautiful little buy sign on a balance sell sign efficiency. And if we think it's going to come down and take out these relative equal lows that are all the same price, then this could potentially become what? An inversion fair value gap, which is what we would want to see. Well, what you know it, it starts rolling aggressively down through it. We open at the low, trade up, don't leave a body in the upper half. That's orderflow rules according to me. all visually represented in candlesticks. Then the market breaks down aggressively and trades into this pool of liquidity, this pool of liquidity, and then finally takes the low out right there beautifully. Now, let's go into the science behind it a little bit better than just what I've shown. Minor cell side taken, minor cell side taken, minor cell side taken. See that? Remember that range I told you about at the beginning that was measuring the high and the low of the day. If this is going to print as the high and it starts to break down and we get that uh qualifying run off of the inversion fair value gap, we'll say that you use this. Okay, my experience allowed me to know that this is reversing. But if this would have been your entry, that's fine. We're going to go with that. As soon as it starts to break down and takes out that low, you can then assume that that's the high and the lowest low that was formed in the morning session, you would get these levels. Upper octant, upper quadrant, those two price levels. If you take your fib and measure that, uhoh, [laughter] here we go. We're back to school now. Professor ICT, we're we're dealing with 16s. Okay. So by having that range high and that range low according to the daily range, we split that in half. Okay. Because this is an octant and an octant is between a quadrant or a percentile. This is a percentile. This is a octant which is half of the range between a percentile or the highest of the range down to the upper quadrant. So half of that is a octant eighs. Well, what's half of an octant or from an octant to a quadrant? A 16th. So you can see that level here and it comes in at 7,761.75. The low 7,761.25. Two ticks. Two ticks, baby. Two ticks. And when I was sharing my stop loss on X, and this is the reason why you guys don't understand, okay, you don't understand. You see me executing on this, okay? This is this is what you're going to watch me actually do in a in a minute. If I come out in the public, okay, and I show every facet of me getting into the trade, where my stop loss is, where I'm taking my partials, all of you are going to do the same thing. Even if I come out and I tell you I'm trading in a paper trading account, don't copy me with real money. You're going to copy me with your real money. You know, you know you are. And the fact that I'm bringing all the attention to a very specific price level, whether it be target or a stop-loss, guess what's going to happen? All of you are going to create that real liquidity, and it's going to build up and build up. There's two and a half million of you, even if it's just 1%, just 1% of you act on what I would be sharing if it was real time quote unquote signals, you would undermine the edge that I'm having because you're going to be counterproductive. It's easy for them to come in there and manual intervene. And they did it again. They did it. Look, I'm telling you, I got charter members. It's been with me for a long time. They were behind a payw wall and they watched me call this stuff every single day. Every single day. Unless it was a holiday. Period. So if you think I'm going to come out here and lay my head on a silver platter and say, "Here, here you guys ragd doll me so that way you can make my concepts look like they don't work." And then that was that's exactly what they want. And it sounds conspiratorial, you know, and some people say, "I don't understand it. If if you came out and you were just doing in a paper trading uh account, you know, how are they going to go for your stop? You're in a paper trading account." You don't realize that people are going to try to mimic what I'm doing in their own real account. And that's going to be real stops. That's going to be real orders. Period. And because I teach manual intervention, because they can go in there in and short-term little fluctuations, they can widen the spread. They can do short little uh runs on close proximity liquidity pools. It'll it'll be like me running uphill with all of you on my back. And it's a diminishing return for me if I do that. Which is why your analysis needs to be kept private. It needs to be kept private and be content with operating in silence. Now, some of you aren't going to accept that and that's okay. I can live with that. That's a sacrifice I'm willing to make. If that means that you can't stay with me because I'm never going to do that in front of you and put you in trades. That's really what you want. That's really, really, really, really what you want. I'm never going to do that because if I was Phil, I'd be going against me, too. I'm the hottest thing in technical analysis right now, bar none. And that is not bragging. It's not. Institutions are now starting to talk my language now. Why? Because they see the receipts. They see what's being shown here. They see other people making money with it. Come on now. My concepts are not going to go away. They're not they're not going to fail. But on an individualized basis, trade transaction to trade transaction, they can be messed up on a short term. And if enough of those examples occur in the public eye, you will be convinced not to spend time studying it. And that's the goal. That's why they would want to do that. Think about it. How's that hard to How's that hard to grasp? I'm not trying to say that the entire markets are spinning on a stop-loss that I say. But if I say that my my interest is that and then all of you act on that and you start putting your orders live actual orders there because your faith in what I think the market's going to do and where it should stop. You're you're creating the very thing and condition and the event I teach that is manual intervention and it happened in this trade. I posted my after I took out a partial here, a partial here, a partial here. This limit order when at first glance it looks like it fills right underneath that level and below these over here. It looks like that. But the proverbial Phil, okay, the guy that can widen the spread that you don't believe exists, okay, it's either that or you believe that buying and selling pressure, selling pressure was abated and buying pressure came in right to two ticks above where my stop loss is and then it comes down and fills my my limit order would have been. They're proving exactly what I tell you all the time and why I won't do certain things. And I don't care what you as the public viewer think. I don't care because you don't understand how easy it is for them to just say not right now it won't and go where I want it to go at a later time but while the transaction's open you don't see me moving my stop loss up once I adjust it. It's just a good practice once you commit to a lower trail stop loss to stick to it. If it stops you out it's fine. It's okay. And when they come up here and knocked out the trade, who cares? I took the lion's portion down. It did exactly what I taught, what I was recording and showcasing. And that sweet spot of the fair value gap here and this time window. That's the application of the multiplication analogy from up here above this high. How far to this high? I didn't get that high because I was trying to show you the measurements that way. It wasn't me just trying to show you this lipstick stuff after the fact because I got people constantly sending me screenshots of other people not talking to me because they're just ballless wonders, but they're commenting in their little circle jerks talking about our community, our concepts that we use and employee in price action and how it's always hindsight or it's this that thing. No, it's mathematically derived. It's algorithmic. Folks, listen. Are you going to believe the opinion of people that cannot trade, that cannot be consistent about anything, and they can't even prove what I'm doing isn't really happening? It's very simple. All you got to do is attack the setups and the recording sessions of me doing the executions. Why can't they do that? Because they know it's real. They know it's real. They can't they can't get around it. They know it's live action, live action, live execution, and there's no way around it. Period. This is the best thing I can do in bringing you right to the moment when it happens. You're watching the recordings. You get to see it real time as it forms in the recording. You can see my logic. All of that's happening at the same time. I will not open myself up to the risks that are associated with giving you copy me type uh situations. I'm not going to do it. I would never do that ever. I teach price action. Price action is not trading. Price action is looking for repeating phenomenon and then studying the measurement of a timed execution that has no monetary reward or risk. And then over time by doing that if you the viewer if you ever come to the conclusion that hey this looks like it works enough times I'm going to put some money on that and you decide to gamble on your experience and I'm going to say it that way. If you hurt yourself you've done so in your own hands. You can't blame me if you make money. You can't blame me. You see how that takes me out of the circle of responsibility, which is the reason why I do what I do and how I do it. I am not licensed to give you trade advice. I'm not I have no interest in doing that. But for decades, I've been teaching people how to read these markets and some of them have found their way in that. Some of them have made lots of money. Some have never been able to arrive at anything. They failed. They quit. They come they come back a couple different times. They think they're ready and they can't do it. That's not failure for the concepts or me as a teacher. That's failure for the operator. Just like I was failing in the first few years trying to make it all work. I was learning and I wanted to be fast. I wanted to get through it real quick. And you can't speed that up, folks. You can't you can't do that. As much as you want to sit in a community, maybe even go behind a payw wall and sit with go to ICT and he just sits there and maybe plays some cool music or talks about whatever I want to talk about, but you don't care because you want to see me get in a tree, talk about where it's going to go, where the stop loss is, and where we're going to take partials and where the profit's going to be. That's what you want. That's exactly what you want. The other side of the expression is this. Everybody was ripping me off when I was doing mentorship. 50 different mentorships opened up in the first month of me doing that. And they're all copying what I was saying. And then they were leaking all this stuff. So there's no benefit for me to do this at all. There's literally no gain. There's no upside for me to do it. It's a diminishing return. Look that up. the the edge, the the significance, the overwhelming power of what it is I do and and teach you, it's better in the hands of those individuals that are on time at the right time and executing. Let's just say for the sake of argument, one quarter of 1% of everybody that follows me, and that's not a lot, but it's a lot in terms of executions, and they were all trying to get in inside that little volume imbalance, and you were trying to get short there. Not everybody's getting filled. The market's going to move away. It's going to go there, and it's going to leave. Not everybody's going to get that fill. And when you're brand new or you don't have a lot of experience, you don't realize the impact of something like that. Now, if you have a small little group and you're brand new and nobody really knows your name, like for folks that want to eventually get good at this and you want to start your own little signal service or Discords and stuff, if the if the clientele that you create is trading with real money, those individuals are going to be wrestling for the same liquidity and not everybody's going to get a fill. Nobody, nobody's going to have the exact same fills. Their prices are all going to be different or they're going to not be filled at all. That's market mechanics 101. That's just the way it is, folks. Ask anybody that's been around for a long time. Okay? Go ask Pax. Go ask Pax Trader. Okay? Say 10,000 people, rough, just a rough number. Say 10,000 people hypothetically, they all want to try to get inside of this small little range right in here. on a short. They're not getting filled. Not all of them. Not all of them. What do you do with that? As a teacher, I make the best concession I can and focus on the process, the rules, and then you judge whether or not these rules hold up in market. If it doesn't hold up, then you didn't waste any more time with me. Go and do something else. But I only want people here that are going to listen to me and be responsible because I'm not going to be responsible for your results. I can't be. That's why I do it the way I do it. In the United States, there is a governing body called the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. They tapped me on the shoulder in the '90s because I wasn't using at the time risk flamers. I was on America Online. I was telling all kinds of opinions and the things I was talking about then worked just like you see here. But they don't like that and I didn't know the laws back then. So they sent me some information and basically, you know, I got a slap in the wrist. I don't ever want to be bothered by that. So I always do what I do here. You're never getting into a trade because I'm telling you
