================================================================================
PLAYLIST: CHART PATTERNS
VIDEO: ULTIMATE Forex Trading Beginners Course (This Is All You Need)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZq1EHjYgZs
================================================================================

In this video, we'll show you everything you need to know about Forex trading quickly. There is also a free beginner's guide to Forex trading that works in conjunction with this lesson. We'll show you how you can get it later in this video. Click the Like button, but more importantly, click the notification bell, as this is a way to support our team. Well, this is what we're going to cover in this video. We'll start with the graphics software. The drawing tools are on the left . Lines are used to draw trend lines and chart patterns. Geometric tools are used to draw support and resistance zones. Here are the indicators. On the right you have all the currency pairs you should be aware of and trade. These are all the ones we've observed, so add them to your trading software right now. This is the asset you are looking at . And in this case, this is the dollar-yen currency pair. You can change the chart type up here. We use candlestick charts, which are these rectangular bars on the screen. This is how to read candlestick charts. The green candles are bullish because the price appreciated and rose during the time period. Red candles are bearish because the price depreciated and fell during the time period. This rectangular area is known as the body of the candle or the real body. These lines that protrude above and below the body of the candle are known as wicks, shadows, or tails. In the case of green candles, the opening price is at the bottom of the candle body and the closing price at the top. In the case of red candles, the opening price is at the top of the candle body and the closing price at the bottom. The wick that ends at the top represents the highest price of the time period. The wick that ends at the bottom represents the lowest price of the time period. Now, let's look at this directly in the graphs. This is your time frame. Right now, it shows 4H, which means that each candle you see on screen represents 4 hours of time. Here on the right is the price of the asset at each level. For example, this green candle here, the green opens below and closes above. That is, at the beginning of those 4 hours, it opens at this price here on the right and closes at this price here on the right. For this red candle here, red opens above and closes below. That is, at the beginning of those 4 hours, it opens at this price here on the right and closes at this price here on the right. Now we'll show you how to use the risk-reward tool. This long candle at a recent support level with two reversal points presented a long trade setup. You decide to go long on this bullish impulse confirmation candle. In other words, your entry point would be at the close of the candle here. To calculate your risk-reward for this trade, go to the left where it says forecasting and measurement tools and click on long position. Then, click on the screen where you decide to enter the operation. Your ticket here is this price here on the right. Your stop loss here is this price here on the right. Your profit target here is this price here on the right. Its risk-reward ratio is set to a default value of one. Let's say he risks $10 on this trade. When the price reaches your profit target here, you earn $10. If the price were to move in the opposite direction and hit your stop-loss, you would lose the $10 you initially invested. Risk one to win one or lose one. Now, let's say you want to establish a risk-reward ratio of one to two. When the price reaches your profit target here, you earn $20, which is double your initial investment of $10. If the price were to move in the opposite direction and hit your stop-loss, you would lose the $10 you initially invested. Risk one to win two or lose one. Next, you should follow economic events and news releases, as they create volatility in the market. To follow economic events, click on the calendar here and you will see a list of all economic events for today. Click this button here to filter your calendar and show only high- impact events. This is the time for economic event publications. Here is the country and currency of the economic event. This is the type of economic event we're talking about. Here's what was predicted and here's the actual figure published. Therefore, they either met expectations, which is neutral, or exceeded expectations, which is positive for the underlying currency, or they did not meet expectations , which is negative for the underlying currency. Now, here is a list of the publications of the major economic events that we observe and that greatly affect the markets. The FOMC meetings, which include interest rate announcements for the US economy, provide information on the state of the US economy and shape monetary policy. This affects dollar pairs. Non- agricultural payrolls. They measure the number of people employed in the United States, minus certain groups, such as agricultural workers. They offer information on the current economic situation and are produced on the first Friday of each month. The CPI inflation, which is the consumer price index, measures changes in the prices of goods and services in the United States and reflects the purchasing power of consumers. A higher CPI means higher inflation and leads to lower purchasing power and less spending by consumers. A lower CPI means lower inflation and results in greater purchasing power and increased spending by consumers. The speeches of the Federal Reserve Chairman, which are speeches by the Federal Reserve Chairman, offer insight into the central bank's sentiment on issues such as interest rate decisions and future monetary policy. The meetings of the European Central Bank or ECB, which offer information on the European economy as a whole and provide information such as interest rates , similarly to the FOMC. This has an effect on euro cross pairs . PCE inflation, which is personal consumption expenditure inflation, is what the Federal Reserve prefers to use to measure inflation. Retail sales data provides information on consumer spending patterns and helps measure economic growth. Gross domestic product and GDP growth rates, which measure the total value of goods and services within an economy and provide information about the health of an economy and its performance. The Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) for the manufacturing sector measures the manufacturing sector and its economic activity by showing an expansion or contraction of production. Chinese data refers to any economic data originating from China, as it has a major impact on the global economy overall due to its enormous role in it. The release of economic data can create volatility and large price swings, which implies potentially higher profits, but also potentially higher losses. Let's move on to the next topic: support and resistance. So, what is a resistance level? When you look to the left, you notice that the price rises before suddenly stopping, changing direction, and dropping sharply. This indicates that, for whatever reason , this area is of interest to buyers and sellers. Because once the price reached that zone, buyers decided to close their long positions and sellers decided to open new short positions. And that double action is what is required to trigger a drastic movement in the opposite direction. A quick note: whenever you hear us refer to buyers and sellers, we mean the bigwigs of large institutions who have the power and influence to move the market. Therefore, because there was interest from buyers and sellers in this area in the past, there could be interest in this area again once the price returns to this area in the future, presenting trading opportunities. Now, what you do is draw a rectangular area from where the last reversal occurred and stretch it to the right. This zone acts as a reminder to look for trading opportunities once the price reaches this area, as here, which presents a short trading opportunity. So, what is a support level ? When you look to the left, you know that the price dropped before suddenly stopping, changing direction, and rising sharply. This indicates that, for whatever reason, this area is of interest to both buyers and sellers because once the price reached the area, buyers decided to open new long positions and sellers decided to close their short positions. And that double action is what is required to trigger a drastic movement in the opposite direction. Again, draw a rectangular area from where the last reversal occurred and extend it to the right. This zone then acts as a reminder to look for trading opportunities once the price reaches this area, as here, which presents a long trading opportunity. So what happens when the price breaks through resistance? The price breaking through a key resistance level shows that you are in a very strong uptrend with strong upward momentum. This old, broken resistance level becomes a new support level and presents pullback opportunities to trade with a strong uptrend. So what happens when the price breaks through a support level? If the price breaks a key support level, it shows that it is in a very strong downtrend with strong bearish momentum. This old, broken support level becomes a new resistance level and presents pullback opportunities to trade with a strong downtrend. Now, this is a very important concept. Always treat support and resistance levels as broad general areas . The reason most traders fail when using support and resistance is because they expect key levels and perfect trade setups at all times. But that's often not the case. Support and resistance levels and trading setups often appear imperfect because the market as a whole is imperfect. Therefore, you must learn to operate within these imperfections or else you will miss 90% of the best trades. However, there are actually many different types of support and resistance levels. Not all levels of support and resistance are the same. The different levels of support and resistance have certain built-in characteristics that make them of higher quality. Let's now look at the different types and characteristics of high-quality support and resistance that you should look for. Type one: a drastic and pronounced price reversal that moves a greater distance. Notice how, once the price reached this resistance level, there was a sharp drop downwards, not a slow and gradual decline. And the price moved a greater distance and not just a slight bounce in the area. Again, notice how, once the price reached the support level, there was a sharp and steep upward climb, not a slow and gradual slope, and the price moved a greater distance and not just a slight bounce in the zone. From a price action perspective , this demonstrates that these areas are of great interest to the big players, as they opened and closed large orders, which is necessary to trigger such pronounced price reversals that move a greater distance. Type two: multiple price reversals and reactions. Notice how, at this key level, the price reacted and reversed on five separate occasions, demonstrating that this level is of great interest to buyers and sellers, as they acted at the level time and time again. Type three: oscillating maximums and minimums. These touches here give you your standard key level . These touches here give you another standard key level. These reversal points at the top here give you your maximum swing level, as it is the highest point the price has reached recently. High swing levels are of high quality because they represent areas where the price is considered very expensive, causing buyers to often choose to close their long positions in these areas. These reversal points at the bottom here give you your minimum swing level, as it is the lowest point the price has reached recently. Low swing levels are of high quality because they represent areas where the price is considered very cheap, causing buyers to often choose to purchase the asset as a value buy in these areas. Type four acted as support and resistance. Notice how this key area here acted as resistance here and support here. Like the multiple reactions, it shows that both buyers and sellers took action at the level on many different occasions and on both sides of the level. Type five, visually obvious. These are the levels you can detect immediately in a matter of seconds by looking at a chart. They are visually obvious and stand out, and are known as main levels. These small bounces also give you a level, but they are known as minor levels. The easiest to detect and visually obvious levels are those that everyone can see, which means there are more eyes on the level , resulting in more people taking measurements at the level, especially the large ones. Type six, recently respected test . Therefore, finding this type of level requires three steps. The first step is to find the point where the key level originated. The second step is key, which is to look for a recent reversal at the same level to demonstrate that it is valid and respected during this current market time period. Basically , you're letting the market test the level to see if it's valid before using it. The third step is your trade setup area, and you enter this trade with confidence , as your recent reaction from step two tells you that this level continues to attract interest from buyers and sellers during this current market time period. Type seven, stacking of types and high-quality features. Obviously, many of the types and characteristics we just discussed will overlap, which is a good thing. The more they overlap, the higher the quality of the key level and the key zone. This level at the top here is a maximum swing level. It has multiple reactions, a drastic movement away, and is visually obvious. This next level here acted as both support and resistance. Multiple reactions, a dramatic , visually obvious move away, and he recently had a respected test. This level at the bottom here is a minimum oscillation level. Multiple reactions, a dramatic, visually obvious move away, and he recently had a respected test . Drawing support and resistance through the application of wide areas. Therefore, you want to draw your resistance levels to this area above the price using traditional methods. This reversal point here is a drawn level. These reversal points here are another level drawn. These reversal points here are another level drawn. However, the problem with drawing so many separate and adjacent levels is that it creates confusion and analysis paralysis, as you don't know which level to use for potential short trading setups . So instead of drawing all these separate lines, what you do is draw a large area that captures the entire area. And then you look for reversal price action in the general area for potential short trade setups. Let's show it again. These reversal points of oscillating peaks draw a wide zone like this. These smaller reversal points create a large area like this. These many reversal points define a very wide area. Then, your oscillating lows down here. Another large area. Let's show it again. So, one question you probably have is, how far back should you go to draw your key levels? You should always try to use recent key levels close to where you are currently, like these here. But now, once the price has broken above the swing high, you have entered uncharted territory with no recent key levels in sight . This is when you would zoom out and look back a little further to see if there is a key level, which you have across this reversal point and level here. Once the price reaches the level, a candle color change occurs, forming a bearish impulse candle, which means you can use it as an exit point or to set up a short trade. Let's move on to the next topic, candlestick patterns. Starting with the long wick candle, a downward trend occurs before a candle with the wick sticking out from the bottom forms and triggers an upward reversal. The psychology behind this candlestick is that sellers are losing momentum because the price failed to close as a bearish engulfing candlestick and instead turned completely back up, causing the wick to stick out at the bottom. The longer the wick, the higher the quality of this candle pattern. The best way to use this pattern is to combine it with key levels. This reversal point provides a key level of support. The price falls, forming a long wick candle , which presents a long trade setup before reversing upwards. Now we're going in the opposite direction. An upward trend occurs before a candlestick with a wick protruding from the top forms and triggers a downward reversal. The psychology behind this candlestick is that buyers are losing momentum because the price failed to close as a bullish engulfing candlestick and instead turned completely back down, causing the wick to stick out at the top. The longer the wick, the higher the quality of this candle pattern. Again, the best way to use this pattern is to combine it with key levels. This reversal point provides you with a key level of resistance. The price rises, forming a long wick candle, presenting a short trading setup before reversing downwards. Moving on to the next candlestick pattern. A group of long-wick candles . You have a moving downtrend before a group of long-wick candles forms, triggering an upward reversal. The psychology behind this pattern is that sellers tried repeatedly to drive the price down, but failed, and buyers held the zone firmly. The more long candles that are grouped together, the higher the quality of this pattern. We're going to combine this with key levels. Key support level, several long wick candles presenting a long trade setup, bullish reversal. going in the opposite direction. You have an upward trend in motion before a group of long-wick candles forms, triggering a downward reversal. The psychology behind this pattern is that buyers tried repeatedly to push the price up, but failed, and sellers held the strong zone. The more long candles that are grouped together, the higher the quality of this pattern. We're going to combine this with key levels. Key resistance level : several long wick candles exhibiting a short trading setup. Downward reversal. Moving on to the next pattern, the inverted long wick candlestick, you have a moving downtrend before you have a candlestick with the wick sticking out above and against the moving downtrend , triggering an upward reversal. The psychology behind this pattern is that buyers suddenly entered the area in a big way, causing the wick to stick out at the top. The longer the wick, the higher the quality of this candle pattern. We're going to combine this with key levels. Key support level : inverted long wick candlestick that presents a long trade setup. Upward reversal by going in the opposite direction. You have an uptrend in progress before you have a candlestick with the wick sticking out from the bottom and against the uptrend, which triggers a downward reversal . The psychology behind this pattern is that the sellers suddenly entered the area in a big way, causing the wick to stand out from the background. The longer the wick, the higher the quality of this candle pattern. We're going to combine this with key levels. Key resistance level: inverted long candlestick that presents a short trading setup with a downward reversal. Moving on to the next candlestick pattern. The candle's color change. You have a moving downtrend with consecutive red candles showing that sellers are in complete control. Then, finally, a green candle appears, causing the price to reverse upwards. The psychology behind this candlestick pattern is that the price failed to make another red candle and instead made a green candle, showing that sellers are losing momentum. We're going to combine this with key levels . Key support level: all red candles before a candle color change to green occurs, presenting a long trade setup and an upward reversal going in the opposite direction. You have a moving upward trend with consecutive green candles showing that buyers are in full control. Then, finally, a red candle appears, causing the price to reverse downwards. The psychology behind this candlestick pattern is that the price failed to form another green candlestick and instead formed a red candlestick, showing that buyers are losing momentum. Let's combine this with key levels. Key resistance level: all green candles before a candle color change to red occurs, which presents a short trade setup and a bearish reversal . Moving on to the next candlestick pattern, contracting candlesticks , you have a moving downtrend and notice how each candlestick gets smaller and smaller and then triggers an upward reversal. The psychology behind this pattern is that sellers are losing momentum as the distance traveled per candle gets shorter and shorter. This pattern works best when the final candle closes as another reversal candle. Let's combine this with key levels, key support level, contracting candles, reversal candle, and long trade setup and bullish reversal going in the opposite direction. You have an upward trend in motion and watch as each candle gets smaller and smaller and triggers a downward reversal. The psychology behind this pattern is that buyers are losing momentum as the distance traveled per candle gets shorter and shorter. We're going to combine this with key levels. Key resistance level, shrinking candles , a reversal candle and a short trade setup: bearish reversal. Moving on to the next candlestick pattern, the inside bar candlestick. You have a moving downtrend before a candle forms where its open and close fit within the open and close of the previous candle and trigger an upward reversal. The psychology behind this pattern is that the price failed to form a low candle, indicating a loss of momentum from sellers. We're going to combine this with key levels. Key support level: inside bar that presents a long trade setup: upward reversal going in the opposite direction. You have an upward trend in motion before a candle forms where its open and close fit within the open and close of the previous candle, triggering a downward reversal. The psychology behind this pattern is that the price failed to make a higher candlestick, signaling a loss of momentum from buyers. We're going to play with key levels. Key resistance level within the bar that presents a short trading configuration with a downward reversal . Moving on to the next candlestick pattern, impulse or engulfing candle. You have a moving downtrend before a large green candle forms whose body is significantly larger than the previous candle or candles and triggers an upward reversal. The psychology behind this pattern is that you have a large spike in purchase presence, thus creating such a large body. We're going to combine this with key levels. Key support level, green candlestick patterns with momentum that present a long trade setup, upward reversal going in the opposite direction. You have an upward trend in motion before a large red candle forms whose body is significantly larger than the previous candle or candles and triggers a downward reversal. The psychology behind this pattern is that you have a large spike in sales presence, thus creating such a large body. We're going to combine this with key levels. A red impulse candle forms at a key resistance level, presenting a short trading setup with a downward reversal. Let's move on to the next topic, trend lines. Before we continue, we want to hear from you. What other topics would you like us to cover next? Let us know in the comments below right now specifically what video topics you'd like us to cover next. Also, please hit the Like button, as it really helps our team. In a downtrend, the price makes lower lows and lower highs. This allows you to place a trend line along the top that connects the swing highs. It acts as a resistance level, which means that short trading opportunities arise at the trend line. Make sure to look for candlestick patterns when the price reaches the trend line to show a reaction to the trend line, otherwise the price may break through and you will be misled. If the price breaks above the trend line, it may indicate a trend reversal from a downtrend to an uptrend. Additionally, in a downtrend, you can place a trend line connecting the swing lows. This means you can take long positions against the trend when the price reaches the trend line and forms a candlestick pattern. This is a more aggressive entry because you are trading against the trend and against the strong downtrend. Therefore, if you decide to trade against the trend, make sure your entries and exits are quick so you don't get caught out . going in the opposite direction. In an upward trend, the price reaches increasingly higher highs and lows . This allows you to place a trend line along the bottom that connects the swing lows. This trend line acts as a support level, meaning that long trading opportunities arise at the trend line. If the price breaks below the trend line, it may indicate a trend reversal from an uptrend to a downtrend. Additionally, in an uptrend, you can place a trend line connecting the swing highs. This means you can short sell against the trend. Again, this is a more aggressive entry because you are trading against the trend and against the strong uptrend. Therefore, if you decide to trade against the trend, make sure your entries and exits are quick so you don't get caught out . Moving on to the next topic, chart patterns, the double top pattern and the double bottom pattern. First you have your moving upward trend. Then, the price makes two equal peaks. The highs essentially form a level of resistance. From a price action perspective, the price failed to make a higher high, but instead made an equal high, showing a loss of momentum in the uptrend and of buyers in the market. Next, the double floor pattern. First you have your mobile downtrend. Then, the price makes two equal lows. The lows essentially form a support level. From a price action perspective, the price failed to make a lower low, but instead made an equal low, showing a loss of momentum from the downtrend and sellers in the market. So, these are the best ways to use the double roof and double floor pattern. Starting with the first one, which is a neckline breakout entry, you have your double top pattern forming. This intermediate reversal point gives you your neckline. Once the price breaks the neckline and makes a lower low, you have a fully formed trend reversal. So, you would take a short breakout entry after the neckline breakout, as the reversal and trend change are now confirmed from an uptrend to a downtrend in the opposite direction. You have your double floor pattern forming. This intermediate reversal point gives you your neckline. Once the price breaks through the neckline and reaches a higher high, you have a fully formed trend reversal . So, you would take a long breakout entry after the neckline breakout, as the reversal and trend change are now confirmed from a downtrend to an uptrend. The second way to use double tops and bottoms is to wait for a pullback entry after the neckline breakout. First you have your double top pattern breaking the neckline here, but instead of taking the breakout entry, you can take a pullback entry at the neckline and the support turn to a new resistance zone . Now, this would be an imperfect short-term trading setup because if you watched our last video on support and resistance zones, this is not a thin level, but a wide zone. And the price pulls back and enters the wide zone. You had an inside bar and a bearish impulse candle confirmation. Let's show it again. Double roof pattern, neckline break here. This short pullback operation to the neckline is imperfect because this is not a thin level but a wide area. Once inside the zone, you had a long wick candle followed by a bearish impulse candle confirmation. So, going backwards, first you have your double floor pattern, neckline break here. Retracement entry at the neckline here or at the resistance turned into a new support level. You had multiple perfect long wick candles right at the neckline, which presented a high-quality long operation. Let's show it again. Double floor pattern, neckline break here. This long back-to-neckline operation is imperfect because this is not a thin level but a wide area. Once inside the zone, you had multiple consolidation candles moving sideways without being able to make lower lows. And once you had the highest candlestick shape, the trend reversal was confirmed. Double floor pattern, neckline break here. This was your imperfect pullback entry into the wide zone, which presented a long trade opportunity. You have your double floor pattern, neckline break. Here, then, there was a pullback to the neckline that also formed a long wick candle, a candle color change, and a bullish impulse candle. Now, even better, this is also the right shoulder of the inverted head and shoulders pattern, making this an even higher quality long-run setup. You can also interpret this as a sloping neckline. All of this gives it an A+ long operating configuration . Let's move on to the triple top and triple bottom pattern. Reversal point one , reversal point two, and reversal point three, which creates the triple top pattern. Neckline here. And once it breaks, the reversal is confirmed, and that's when I would look for short entries. Reversal point one, reversal point two, reversal.3 which creates the neckline of the triple floor pattern here. And once it breaks, the reversal is confirmed, and that's when I would look for long entries. Moving on to the head and shoulders pattern. This is the anatomy of the head and shoulders pattern. Left shoulder, head, right shoulder, neck line. The breaking of the neckline completes the pattern and the reversal. So, let 's show it in the graphs. Now , the head and shoulders pattern is a reversal pattern that is often used to identify a trend change from an uptrend to a downtrend. The reversal point here on the left is known as the left shoulder. The reversal point here and the maximum swing point are known as the head. And the reversal point of the lower peak here is the right shoulder. Here you have two reversal points of the same minimum that form a support level and are known as the neckline. Once the neckline is broken here, the price forms a lower low. And the head and shoulders pattern is considered complete and confirms the trend change from an uptrend to a downtrend. So, what does the head and shoulders pattern tell you from a price action perspective? This pattern shows a loss of buying momentum in the market, as the price failed to create a higher high here and instead created a lower high, indicating the beginning of a trend reversal. So, once you have the lower low shape, you have a new downtrend moving through the lower high and the lower low together. So let's show it again. Left shoulder, head, right shoulder, neckline. Once you have the neckline break here, this completes the head and shoulders pattern. So, going in the opposite direction. This is the inverted head and shoulders pattern. Left shoulder, head, right shoulder, neckline. The break in the neckline completes the pattern and the reversal. So, on charts now, the inverted head and shoulders pattern is a reversal pattern that is often used to identify a trend change from a downtrend to an uptrend. You have your clear downward trend moving through lower highs and lower lows . Your reversal point here on the left is the left shoulder. Your reversal point here and the minimum swing point is the head. And the reversal point of the higher low here is the right shoulder. The same two high reversal points here create a level of resistance and form the neckline. Once the neckline is broken here and the price reaches its highest point, the head and shoulders pattern is considered complete and confirms the trend reversal from a downtrend to an uptrend. So, what does the inverted head and shoulders pattern tell you from a price action perspective? This pattern shows a loss of momentum from sellers in the market, as the price failed to make a lower low and instead made a higher low , indicating the beginning of a trend reversal. Then, once the higher high was formed, it had a new upward trend moving through a higher low and a higher high together. Left shoulder, head, right shoulder. These two investment points here give you your neckline. Now, instead of taking the breakout entry, you would wait for a pullback entry to occur at the neckline, followed by a candlestick price action pattern that would form once it gets there to show a reaction to the neckline and the support turning towards a new resistance level. This could have been any candlestick price action pattern that had formed. But in this case, what you had were two candles with wicks sticking out and an inner bar candle pattern. All of which shows a reaction at the level. Once you had confirmation of an intraday trend reversal, you would take short entries. So, again, left shoulder, head, right shoulder. These two reversal points here give you your neckline. Again, instead of taking the breakout entry, you would wait for a pullback to the neckline followed by a candlestick price action pattern that would form once it got there. So, again, left shoulder, head, right shoulder. These two reversal points here give you your neckline. Again, instead of taking the breakout entry, you would wait for a pullback to the neckline and a new support level. You would do it along a candlestick that showed a reaction to the level. Now , there were two ways to enter into this operation. One, wait for confirmation of an intraday trend reversal for a previous entry point . Or two, if you trade using only one timeframe trend line placed like this, and once you've had your breakthrough with the impulse candle, take a long entry. Moving on to the bullish, naked, and neutral flag pattern. This is the anatomy of the bullish flag pattern. You have the flagpole, which is the upward trend in motion. Then you have the bullish flag pattern, which is a descending channel. The bullish flag pattern has two parallel downward-sloping trend lines placed above and below, connecting the highs and lower lows. The angle and inclination of the two trend lines reflect each other. The bullish flag pattern indicates consolidation and pullback. Once a break above the upper trend line occurs, this indicates that the consolidation and pullback are over and that the broader uptrend will continue. Or, to be more specific, a break above indicates that new buyers have entered the market and signals a new upward impulse, which is what pushes the price even higher. If the price breaks below the pattern, this may indicate a possible downward trend reversal. Let's show it in the graphs. You have the flagpole and moving bullish flag pattern and the descending channel, the downward-sloping trend line above the parallel trend line below. Once a break above the upper trend line occurs, a long entry would be taken, as it will continue a broader uptrend , a moving bullish flag pattern, and a descending channel with a downward-sloping trend line above the parallel trend line below. Once a break above the upper trend line occurs, a long entry would be taken, as a broader uptrend will continue . This is the anatomy of the naked flag pattern. You have the flagpole, which is the downward trend in motion. Then you have the naked flag pattern, which is an ascending channel. The naked flag pattern has two parallel upward-sloping trend lines placed above and below, connecting the highest highs and highest lows. The angle and inclination of the two trend lines reflect each other. The naked flag pattern indicates consolidation and pullback. Once a break below the lower trend line occurs, this indicates that the consolidation and pullback have ended and that the broader downtrend will continue. Or to be more specific, a break below indicates that new sellers have entered the market and signals a new bearish impulse, which is what pushes the price down. However, if the price breaks through the pattern, this may indicate a possible upward trend reversal. We'll show it in the graphs. Flagpole and moving downtrend Naked flag pattern and ascending channel Upward sloping trend line above Parallel trend line below. Once a break below the lower trend line occurs, a short entry would be taken, as a broader downtrend will continue. Flagpole and moving downtrend. Naked flag pattern and ascending channel. Upward sloping trend line above. Parallel trend line below. Once a break below the lower trend line occurs , a short entry would be taken , as a broader downtrend will continue. Flagpole pattern. Naked flag pattern. Upward sloping trend lines. But now notice how the price breaks above and not below, triggering a trend change and reversal, as the price reaches a higher high. In this case, long reversal trades would be taken instead of short trades. This is the anatomy of the neutral flag pattern in an uptrend . You have your flagpole, which is a moving upward trend. Then you have your neutral flag pattern, which is a horizontal channel. The neutral flag pattern has two parallel horizontal lines positioned above and below that connect the swinging highs and lows. This is also known as support and resistance. The neutral flag pattern indicates consolidation and indecision. Once a breakout above the resistance level occurs, this indicates that consolidation has ended and that the broader uptrend will continue. Or to be more specific, a break above indicates that new buyers have entered the market and signals a new upward impulse, which is what pushes the price upward. If the price breaks below, this may indicate a possible downward trend reversal. Now, going in the opposite direction, a neutral flag pattern in a downtrend. Its flagpole is a moving bearish trend. It has its neutral flag pattern, which is a horizontal channel. Once a break below the support level occurs, it indicates that consolidation has ended and the broader downtrend will continue. Or to be more specific, a break below indicates that new sellers have entered the market and signals a new downward impulse, which is what pushes the price down. If the price breaks above this level, it may indicate a possible upward trend reversal . Let's show this in the graphs. Flagpole and moving upward trend. Neutral flag pattern and horizontal channel. Two parallel trend lines are placed above and below connecting the swing highs and lows. Once a break above the resistance occurs, a long entry would be taken , as a larger uptrend will continue in the opposite direction. Flagpole and moving bearish trend neutral flag pattern and horizontal channel. Two parallel lines are placed above and below connecting the oscillating maxima and minima. Once a break below the support occurs, a short entry would be taken, as a larger downtrend will continue. Moving on to the ascending, descending, and symmetrical triangle pattern. Starting with the ascending triangle pattern , there is a moving upward trend. The upper part of the pattern creates the same highs and a horizontal resistance level. The lower part of the pattern creates higher lows and allows for an upward trend line to be placed . If the price breaks below the pattern, this may indicate a trend reversal from an uptrend to a downtrend. If the price breaks above, this may indicate a continuation of the upward trend. Now , the charts show a moving upward trend. Equal maximums that allow establishing a level of resistance. Higher minimums that allow establishing a trend line. This gives you your ascending triangle pattern. The price breaks below the ascending triangle pattern , indicating a downward trend reversal. If the price breaks above, it would indicate a possible continuation of the upward trend in the opposite direction. An ascending triangle during a downtrend. You have your mobile bearish trend . The upper part of the pattern creates the same highs and a horizontal resistance level. The lower part of the pattern creates higher lows and allows for the establishment of an upward trend line. If the price breaks above the pattern, this may indicate a change from a bearish to a bullish trend. If the price breaks below, this may indicate a continuation of the downtrend. Now, in the charts, you have a moving downtrend. Equal maximums that allow establishing a level of resistance. Higher minimums that allow establishing a trend line. This gives you your ascending triangle pattern. The price breaks below the ascending triangle pattern, indicating a continuation of the downtrend. If the price exceeds this mark , this would indicate a possible trend reversal from a bearish trend to an upward trend. Moving into a descending triangle pattern. You have an upward trend in motion. The upper part of the pattern creates lower highs and allows a descending trend line to be established. The lower part of the pattern creates the same lows and creates a horizontal support level . If the price breaks below, this may indicate a trend reversal from an uptrend to a downtrend. If the price breaks above, this may indicate a continuation of the upward trend. Now, in the charts, you have an upward trend in motion. The same minimums allow a support level to be established . The decreasing highs allow a trend line to be established . This gives you your descending triangle pattern. The price breaking above indicates a continuation of the upward trend. If the price breaks below, it would indicate a possible downward trend reversal. Let's show it again. The support level of the uptrend connects the same lows. The trend line connecting the descending highs gives you your descending triangle pattern. The price breaking above indicates a continuation of the upward trend. If the price breaks below, it would indicate a possible downward trend reversal. Another upward trend support level that connects the same lows. The trend line connects the lower highs, giving it a descending triangle pattern. The price breaking below indicates a downward trend reversal. If the price breaks out to the upside, it would indicate a possible continuation of the upward trend. Now going in the opposite direction, a descending triangle during a downtrend. You have a mobile downward trend. The upper part of the pattern creates lower highs and allows a descending trend line to be established. The lower part of the pattern creates the same lows and creates a horizontal support level. If the price breaks upwards, this could indicate a change from a bearish trend to an upward trend. If the price breaks below, this may indicate a continuation of the downward trend . Now in the charts, you have a moving downtrend. The same minimums allow a support level to be established. Lower highs allow a trend line to be established. This gives you your descending triangle pattern. The price breaking below indicates a continuation of the downward trend . If the price were to exceed this level, it would indicate a possible change to an upward trend. Let's show it again. Downward trend support level that connects the same lows . Trend line connecting the lowest highs, giving us a descending triangle pattern. The price breaks below, indicating a continuation of the downtrend. If the price breaks above, it would indicate a possible change in the upward trend. Another bearish trend support level connecting the same lows, trend line connecting the lower highs, giving us a descending triangle pattern. The price breaks above, indicating a change in the upward trend. If the price breaks below, it would indicate a possible continuation of the downtrend. Now, let's move on to the symmetrical triangle pattern . We have an upward trend in motion. The upper part of the pattern creates lower highs and allows a descending trend line to be established, connecting all the points. The lower part of the pattern creates higher lows and allows an upward trend line to be established. If the price breaks below, this may indicate a change from an uptrend to a downtrend. If the price breaks above, this could indicate a continuation of the upward trend. Now in the charts, you have an upward trend in motion. Lower highs allow a downward trend line to be established . Higher lows allow an upward trend line to be established. This gives you your symmetrical triangle pattern. The price breaks below, indicating a downward trend change. If the price breaks above, it would indicate a possible continuation of the upward trend. Let's show it again. The upward trend line connecting the lower highs and the trend line connecting the higher lows give you your symmetrical triangle pattern. The price breaks below, indicating a downward trend change. If the price breaks above, it would indicate a possible continuation of the upward trend. Now going in the opposite direction, a symmetrical triangle during a downtrend. You have a downward trend in motion. The upper part of the pattern creates lower highs and allows a descending trend line to be established. The lower part of the pattern creates higher lows and allows an upward trend line to be established . If the price breaks above, this may indicate a trend reversal from a downtrend to an uptrend. If the price breaks below, this may indicate a continuation of the downward trend . Now, in the charts, you have a moving downtrend; the lower highs allow a descending trend line to be established, and the higher lows allow an ascending trend line to be established. This gives you your symmetrical triangle pattern . The price then breaks below, indicating a continuation of the downward trend . If the price breaks above, it would indicate a possible upward trend reversal. Let's show it again. A downtrend line connecting the lower highs, a trend line connecting the higher lows , which gives you your symmetrical triangle pattern. The price breaks below, indicating a continuation of the downward trend . If the price breaks above, it would indicate a possible upward trend reversal. Moving on to the ascending and descending wedge pattern. The upper part of the rising wedge creates higher highs, allowing an upward trend line to be established. The lower part of the pattern creates higher lows, allowing an upward trend line to be established. Now , the key here is that the two trend lines converge and both are going in an upward direction. This pattern forms in both bull and bear markets. This is the rising wedge pattern in an uptrend . If the price breaks below the pattern, you would place a short reversal trade in the opposite direction. This is the rising wedge pattern in a downtrend. If the price breaks below the pattern, you would place a short continuation trade . Below is the anatomy of the descending wedge pattern . The upper part of the descending wedge creates lower highs , allowing a descending trend line to be established. The lower part of the pattern creates lower lows, allowing a descending trend line to be established . Now, the key here is that the two trend lines converge and both point downwards. This pattern forms in both bull and bear markets. This is the descending wedge pattern in an uptrend . If the price breaks above the pattern, you would place a long continuation trade in the opposite direction. This is the descending wedge pattern in a downtrend. If the price breaks above the pattern, you would place a long reversal trade. Let's move on to the cup and handle pattern. This is the anatomy and structure of the pattern. You have an upward trend in motion. The price forms a U shape, known as the cup. Then, the price forms a consolidation pattern, known as a handle. The loop can be any consolidation pattern that forms. These two reversal points here give you your neckline. If the price breaks above the consolidation pattern, above the handle, and above the neckline, the cup and handle pattern is completed. Then you could place a long breakout trade, as the completion of this pattern indicates a continuation of the uptrend. Traders typically place their stop loss below the neckline. However, this pattern also works for trading reversals. You have a downward trend in motion. Your cup and handle pattern is formed. Once the price breaks the neckline , your cup and handle pattern is complete. And the reversal from a downtrend to an uptrend is also completed, and that's when you would make long trades. Now, let's show this directly in the graphs. Your upward trend is in motion. The price forms a U, which is its cup. The price forms a descending channel consolidation pattern, which is its handle. Again, its handle here could have been any consolidation pattern that formed, but in this case, it had the shape of the descending channel pattern . These two reversal points give it its neckline. Once the price breaks above the descending channel consolidation pattern above the handle above the neckline and reaches a higher high, the cup and handle pattern is completed. Then I would look for entry points for long breakout trades, as the completion of this pattern indicates a continuation of the uptrend. So, what does the cup and handle pattern tell you in terms of price action? One, it is operating with momentum, as the U-shaped price pattern represents an upward impulse. Second, the price failed to truly reverse the key level and only made a slight bounce and a slight pullback, which shows how strong the upward momentum is. Third, the consolidation pattern followed by a breakout above indicates that new buyers have entered the market . Fourth, the break above the neckline makes this a fully formed, moving uptrend through higher highs and higher lows. Now , a very important point: don't expect a perfect cup and handle pattern to form in the real market every time. It will often form in a much more disorderly and imperfect way, just like the market itself. If you just wait for perfect patterns to form, you'll miss 95% of the best trades. So, let's show it again. You have your mobile upward trend. The price forms a U, which is your cup. The price forms an ascending triangle pattern , which is your handle. These two investment points give you your neckline. Once the price breaks above the neckline and reaches a higher high, the cup and handle pattern is complete, and that's when you would look for long breakout trades. You have your mobile upward trend. The price forms a U, which is your cup. The price forms a descending triangle pattern , which is your handle. These two investment points give you your neckline. Once the price breaks above the neckline and reaches a higher high, the cup and handle pattern is complete, and that's when you would look for long breakout trades. Upward trend in motion, the U shape is your cup. The symmetrical triangle pattern is your handle. These two reversal points give you your neckline. The break above the neckline and a higher high complete the pattern, and that's when you would look for long breakout trades. Now let's show this for a reversal operation. Your downtrend is in motion. The U-shaped price pattern that forms gives you your cup. The retracement downtrend pattern gives you your handle. These two reversal points here give you your neckline. Once the price breaks above the neckline and reaches a higher high, your pattern is complete. And your broader trend reversal is also complete, from a downtrend to an uptrend. A cup and handle pattern where the handle is a U-shaped pattern. You have an upward trend in motion. The price forms a U shape, which is your cup. Then, the price forms another U shape, which is your handle. These two reversal points here give you your neckline. If the price breaks above the neckline, the cup and handle pattern is completed, and that's when you would look for long breakout trade entries, as this indicates a continuation of the uptrend. Now, in the charts, you have your moving upward trend. The price forms a U, which is your cup. Then, the price forms another U, which is your handle. These two reversal points give you your neckline. Once the price breaks above the neckline and reaches a higher high, the cup and handle pattern is complete, and that's when you would look for long breakout trades. Let's show it again. You have your mobile upward trend. Here is your U-shaped and cup price pattern. Here's your U-shaped handle. These two reversal points here give you your neckline. The break above the neckline here is when you would look for long entry points. Here is your upward trend. Here 's your mug. Here's your U-shaped handle. Here's your neckline. Rupture above the neck line. This is when you'll look for long entry points. Now, let's show this for a reversal operation. You have a downward trend in motion. Here you have a very wide U-shaped price pattern and a cup. Here you have a U-shaped handle, which is also a massive bullish engulfing candlestick that breaks through the neckline and creates a higher high. This not only completes your cup and handle pattern, but also completes the broader trend reversal from a downtrend to an uptrend. An inverted or reversed cup and handle pattern . You have a downward trend in motion. The price forms an inverted U-shaped pattern, which is the cup. Then, the price forms another inverted U-shaped pattern, which is your handle. This handle can also be any consolidation pattern that forms. These two reversal points here give you your neckline. If the price breaks below the neckline, the inverted cup and handle pattern is completed. Then you could place a short breakout trade, as the completion of this pattern indicates a continuation of the downtrend. Traders typically place their stop loss above the neckline. Now, in the charts, you have a moving downward trend. The price forms an inverted U, which is your cup. Then, the price forms another inverted U, which gives you the handle. These two investment points here give you the cleavage. Once the price has broken below the neckline and made a lower low, the inverted cup and handle pattern is complete . Next, you would look for entry points for short breakout trades, as the completion of this pattern indicates a continuation of the downtrend. Let's show it again. You have a downward trend in motion. The price forms an inverted U, which is your cup. These two investment points give you the cleavage. Then, the price forms another inverted U, which gives you the handle that also breaks the neckline with the bearish engulfing candle and marks a lower low, completing your pattern. Next, you would look for breakout short trade setups. Moving on to the next topic, a bull market versus a naked market. We started with a bull market. In a bull market, you will see that the price tends to rise. You tend to make long trade setups to trade on the overall bullish momentum of the market. Short positions in a bull market are riskier, as they are short- lived and only corrective pullbacks before the broader uptrend continues. Now, let's show how to identify a bull market through price action. The first way to identify a bull market through price action is to identify higher highs and higher lows. This is your moving uptrend. Notice how each new oscillating peak is higher than the previous oscillating peak. Notice how each oscillating minimum is higher than the previous oscillating minimum. This means that the price is making higher highs and higher lows, indicating a bull market and an upward trend in motion. Knowing this, you are inclined to make long pullback trades at support levels and value areas within the moving uptrend. Let's show it again. Higher maximums and minimums. Long pullback trades at support. Moving on to the second way to identify a bull market, which is by identifying consolidation patterns followed by a breakout above the pattern. Upward momentum: Any consolidation pattern on this list forms followed by a breakout above, indicating that the bull market will continue. This is where your long entry point would be, as it shows that the consolidation has ended and the next stage of the uptrend and bull market has begun. Or to be more specific , it shows that new buyers have stepped in to continue the upward momentum, resulting in the breakout above the pattern rather than below it. Again, upward momentum: consolidation pattern: breakout above, showing a continuation of the bull market. Upward momentum: consolidation pattern: breakout above, showing continuation of the bull market. Let's move on to the third way to identify a bull market , which is by identifying massive bullish engulfing candlesticks that often form. When you can identify massive bullish engulfing candles that form often and are larger than all other candles around them, this shows that there is a strong presence of buyers in the market and that the bull market is fully intact and likely to continue. The fourth way to identify a bull market is when you can easily place a trend line below the upward trend. These fluctuating lows allow you to place an upward-sloping trend line connecting them, demonstrating that this is a clear upward trend and a bullish market. Opportunities for long trades arise along the trend line. The fifth way to identify a bull market is when the price is clearly above a moving average. This is the 50 EMA. You can use the moving average that best suits your overall strategy. Notice how the price is clearly above the moving average and does not cross it, which shows that the price is clearly in an upward trend and in a moving bull market. Let's now see how to identify the end of a bull market. The first way to identify that a bull market is coming to an end is to identify a lower high that forms first. You have a moving upward trend through higher highs and higher lows . Then you have a lower high that eventually forms, which signals the end of the bull market and the beginning of a naked market. The second way to identify that a bull market is coming to an end is to identify a lower low that forms first. You have a moving upward trend through higher highs and higher lows. Then you have a lower low that finally forms, which signals the end of the bull market and that the naked market has begun. The third way to identify that a bull market is coming to an end is to identify a consolidation pattern followed by a break below the pattern. You have a moving upward trend. Then, the price forms a consolidation pattern. It could have been any pattern from this list. But in this case, you had a descending triangle pattern. Then, the price breaks below the pattern and in the opposite direction to the larger moving uptrend and forms a lower low. This indicates that the bull market has ended and a naked market has begun. The fourth way to identify that a bull market is coming to an end is to identify a massive bearish engulfing candlestick pattern . You have a moving upward trend . So, you have a massive bearish engulfing candle that forms and is larger than any other candle around it. This indicates that the bull market has possibly ended and a naked market has begun , as it shows a strong presence of selling and buyers are taking profits . The fifth way to identify that a bull market is coming to an end is to detect a break below a trend line. You have an upward trend in motion. You have an upward-sloping trend line connecting the swing lows. Once the price breaks below the trend line, this indicates that the bull market is over and the naked market has begun. The sixth way to identify that a bull market is coming to an end is to detect a break below a moving average. This is the 50 EMA. You can use the moving average that best suits your overall strategy. Notice how the price is clearly above the moving average and not crossing it, which shows that the price is clearly in an uptrend and in a moving bull market. Then, the price breaks cleanly below it, indicating that the bull market is over and the naked market has begun. Let's move on now to the naked markets. In a bare market, you'll see that the price tends to go down. You tend to make short trade setups to trade on the overall bearish momentum of the market. Long trades in a bare market are riskier, as they are short-lived and only corrective pullbacks before the broader downtrend continues . Now we're going to show how to identify a naked market through price action. The first way to identify a naked market through price action is to identify lower highs and lower lows . This is your mobile bearish trend. Notice how each new peak is lower than the previous swing peak. Notice how each new oscillating low is lower than the previous oscillating low . This means that the price is making lower highs and lower lows , indicating a naked market and a moving downtrend. Knowing this, you are inclined to make short pullback trades at resistance levels and value areas within the moving downtrend. Let's show it again. Lower maximums and minimums. Short pullback operations at resistance. Moving on to the second way to identify a naked market, which is by identifying consolidation patterns followed by a break below the downward impulse pattern. Any consolidation pattern on this list is followed by a break below , indicating that the naked market will continue. This is where your short entry point would be, as it shows that consolidation has ended and the next stage of the downtrend and the naked market has begun. Or to be more specific, it shows that new sellers have stepped in to continue the downward push, resulting in the break below the pattern rather than above it. Again, a pattern of consolidation of impulsive downward movement. The break below the pattern shows a continuation of the naked market. So, let's move on to the third way to identify a naked market, which is by identifying massive bearish engulfing candlesticks that form frequently. When you can identify massive bearish engulfing candles that form frequently and are larger than all other candles around them, this shows that there is a strong selling presence in the market and that the bare market is completely untouched and will likely continue. The fourth way to identify a naked market is when you can easily place a trend line above the downtrend. These high swing points allow you to place a downward-sloping trend line connecting them, showing that this is a clear bearish trend and a naked market. Short trading opportunities arise along the trend line. The fifth way to identify a bull market is when the price is clearly below a moving average. This is the 50 EMA. You can use the moving average that best suits your overall strategy . Notice how the price is clearly below the moving average and not breaking through it, which shows that the price is clearly in a downtrend and in a moving naked market. Let's now see how to identify the end of a naked market. The first way to identify that a naked market is coming to an end is to identify a higher low that forms first. You have a downward trend moving through lower highs and lower lows . Then you have a higher low that eventually forms, which signals the end of the naked market and the beginning of a bull market. The second way to identify that a naked market is coming to an end is to identify a higher peak that forms first. You have a downward trend moving through lower highs and lower lows . Then you have a higher peak that eventually forms, which signals the end of the naked market and the beginning of a bull market. The third way to identify that a naked market is coming to an end is to identify a consolidation pattern followed by a breakout above the pattern. You have a downward trend in motion. Then, the price forms a consolidation pattern. It could have been any pattern from this list. But in this case, a descending triangle pattern was formed. The price then breaks above the pattern and in the opposite direction to the larger moving downtrend and reaches a higher high. This indicates that the naked market is over and a bull market has begun . The fourth way to identify that a naked market is coming to an end is to identify a massive bullish engulfing candlestick. You have a mobile downward trend. Then you have a massive bullish engulfing candle that forms and is larger than any other candle around it. This indicates that the naked market has possibly ended and a bull market has begun, as it shows a strong presence of buyers and sellers are making profits. The fifth way to identify that a naked market is coming to an end is to detect a break above a trend line. You have a mobile downward trend . You have a downward-sloping trend line connecting the swing highs. Once the price breaks above the trend line, this indicates that the naked market is over and a bull market has begun. The sixth way to identify that a naked market is coming to an end is to detect a break above the moving average. This is the 50 EMA. You can use the moving average that best suits your overall strategy. Notice how the price is clearly below the moving average and does not cross it, which shows that the price is clearly in a downtrend and in a naked market in motion. The price then cleanly surpasses it, indicating that the bare market is over and the bull market has begun. Let's move on now to a neutral sideways market. Notice how the price is moving sideways, which means you have a neutral bias in the direction of the market. When the market is trending sideways, it registers approximately the same highs and lows. You can easily identify the extreme maximums and minimums . You can also easily place a support zone connecting the lows and a resistance zone connecting the highs. When you apply your moving average, it also moves sideways and crosses the price. In a neutral sideways market, you can confidently place long and short trades . Moving on to the next topic, trading indicators. Exponential moving average . The exponential moving average, or EMA, is an indicator that eliminates random price fluctuations, resulting in a clearer visualization of the actual price movement. This is the exponential moving average. The most commonly used moving average is the 50-period EMA, but other popular configurations are 100 and 200. We use a variant of the moving average. And if you're a member, you'll know exactly what we mean. So, in a downtrend, when you see the price trending below the moving average, this confirms the bearish momentum and you would be inclined to take short entries. You can also use the moving average as a form of resistance for short bounce trades. If you see the price rise above the moving average, this indicates a loss of bearish momentum and that a possible trend reversal is taking place from a downtrend to an uptrend. In an uptrend, when you see the price trending above the moving average, this confirms the upward momentum and you would be inclined to take long entries. You can also use the moving average as a form of support for long bounce trades. If you see the price fall below the moving average, this indicates a loss of upward momentum and a possible trend reversal from an uptrend to a downtrend. If the moving average crosses the price, this indicates a sideways market with no direction. Stochastic oscillator. To access this indicator, click on indicators. Write stockcastic. Select it here and it will appear below your chart. The stochastic oscillator is a momentum indicator used to identify overbought or oversold prices. The top line is 80 and the bottom line is 20. When the stochastic oscillator exceeds 80, the price is considered overbought or expensive and indicates a possible trend reversal from an uptrend to a downtrend. When the stochastic oscillator falls below 20, the price is considered oversold or cheap and indicates a possible trend reversal from a bearish to a bullish trend. Remember to pair overbought and oversold regions with trend reversal price action and not use it on its own. Now, another method for using the stochastic indicator is through the crossover method. The blue line here is known as the K percentage. This orange line here is known as the D percentage. In an uptrend, the K percentage is above the D percentage, or the blue line is above the orange line. But once the D percentage crosses below the K percentage or once the blue passes below the orange, this indicates a loss of momentum from buyers and that a possible trend reversal is coming from an uptrend to a downtrend. In a downtrend, the K percentage is below the D percentage or the blue is below the orange. But once the K percentage crosses above the D percentage or once the blue passes above the orange, this indicates a loss of momentum on the part of the sellers and that a possible trend reversal is coming from a downtrend to an uptrend. Again, you should combine the crossover method with other price action, such as using key levels. This reversal point provides you with a key level of resistance. As the price rises again, you have shrinking candles, hanging candles, and a very long wick candle, all showing a reaction to the level. Once the stochastic crossover occurs , this confirms the trend change from an uptrend to a downtrend, and that's when you would look for a short entry point. The MACD indicator. So, what is the MACD indicator? MACD stands for Moving Average Convergence Divergence. The indicator tracks the relationship between two moving averages, one fast and one slow. Now, to simplify things, the MACD indicator can be used to measure or confirm trend changes or trend continuations. To access the MACD indicator, click on indicators, type MACD and here is the moving average convergence divergence . Once you click, it will appear down here, below your charts. Leave the settings as default, which are fast length 12, slow length 26, and signal smoothing 9. The line in green here is the MACD line, also known as fast length. The blank line here is the signal line, also known as slow length. And here is the histogram. Now, the first way to use the MACD is through the crossover method. Therefore, the price tends to decrease. Once the MACD line crosses above the signal line, it indicates a possible trend reversal from a downtrend to an uptrend, meaning that potential long trading opportunities arise. Conversely , when the price is trending upwards and the MACD line crosses below the signal line, it indicates a possible trend reversal from an uptrend to a downtrend, meaning that potential short trading opportunities arise. The next way to use MACD is through the histogram method . In an uptrend, when you see the histogram bars getting larger and larger , it shows a gain in upward price momentum, which can be used to continue entering long trades. But when you notice the histogram bars starting to shrink, it indicates a loss of momentum and may lead to a possible trend reversal from an uptrend to a downtrend, presenting potential short reversal trading opportunities. In a downtrend, going in the opposite direction. When you see the histogram bars getting larger and larger , this shows a downward price momentum gain, which can then be used to continue short trading. But then, when you notice the histogram bars starting to shrink, this indicates a loss of momentum and may lead to a possible trend reversal from a downtrend to an uptrend, presenting potential trading opportunities. Long. The RSI indicator. RSI stands for Relative Strength Index and is an indicator that you apply to your charts and is usually used to identify overbought or oversold markets. So let's apply the RSI to our charts. Up here, click on indicators. Type R and it will appear right here. Click on relative strength index and it will then be applied to your charts at the bottom. Now, this line here is 70 on the RSI and this line here is 30 on the RSI. Anything at or above the 70 line is what we call the overbought region. Anything at or below the 30 line is what we call the oversold region. So, in relative terms, when the RSI line touches 30, as it is here, it indicates that the price of the asset you are looking at is cheap. When the RSI line touches 70, as it is here, it indicates that the price of the asset you are looking at is expensive. When the RSI enters oversold territory, buyers will start buying and entering long positions, hoping the price will rise. When the RSI enters overbought territory, they will start selling and entering short positions, hoping that the price will drop, according to the Ballinger Bands indicator . To access the Ballinger Bands indicator , search for your indicators, type Ballinger, select the indicator, and it will appear as an overlay on top of your charts. Leave the default settings, which are the middle line being a 20-period moving average , the upper band being two standard deviations above the middle line, and the lower band being two standard deviations below the middle line. Therefore, bands are traditionally used to interpret market volatility. During periods of low volatility, you will often notice that the bands contract and can lead to a sideways consolidation market. During periods of high volatility, you will often notice that the bands expand and can lead to a trending market. Therefore, one of the traditional ways in which Ballinger bands are used is as a form of support and resistance . When the price reaches the upper band, it can act as a form of resistance and bounce off it and reverse downwards. When the price reaches the lower band, it can act as a form of support and bounce off it and reverse upwards. Notice how the bands move horizontally and the price moves sideways. Therefore, every time the price reaches the band, a quality investment occurs. Now, as promised, to access the Forex trading beginner's guide that works in conjunction with this video, go to the description below and click the link for instant access. Be sure to hit the Like button , as it allows our team to continue producing more free content on YouTube. Also, tell us right now in the comments below what video topics we should cover next.
