================================================================================
PLAYLIST: TRADING SECRETS YOU MUST KNOW!
VIDEO: 5 BIGGEST Trading Mistakes That Will Make You Lose Forever (Painful To See.....)
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYAi5tCq1a4
================================================================================

After training thousands of traders, these are the top five mistakes we've seen traders make over and over again. Please hit the like button, but more importantly, hit the notifications bell as it goes a long way in supporting our team. Now, the first mistake traders often make is not zooming out and looking at the bigger picture. This reversal point gives you a key support level. When price comes back down, you had a long wick candle at the support level, giving you a long trade setup. Now you think to yourself, this is just an okay trade because all you have is a long candle at support. And since it is just okay, you might pass on this trade and instead opt for another trade setup on another currency pair or stock that is of higher quality. And this is the mistake traders make. If you zoom out on your charts and look at the bigger picture, you'll quickly see that this okay trade is actually of extreme high quality. This support level is in fact a very very key support level due to multiple reversal points. And as you should know by now, the more touches off the zone or more reversals off the zone makes the zone of higher quality. This zone has a total of five recent bounces off of it, which is extremely high. In fact, price actually reacted to the zone every time it touched it in recent time, meaning there's also a very high chance that price will react to it again this time around. Also, by zooming out, you notice that this support zone is an extreme swing low, meaning it's the lowest point that price has reached in recent time. Price has not gone below the zone, meaning the price level at this zone is deemed cheap or at a discounted value. And buyers will look to take action at these value areas to load up on long positions or close out their shorts. Regardless of how good this level is, always wait for an intraday trend change confirmation before taking a long trade. Let's show this again. This reversal point gives you a key support level. When price comes back down, you have a long wick bullish candle form at the support level, giving you a long trade setup. Now, you think to yourself, this looks like a current strong moving downtrend. And trading against the downtrend just based off of a simple support level might not be worth it. And this is the mistake traders make. If you zoom out on your charts and look at the bigger picture, you'll quickly see that this okay trade is actually of extreme high quality. This highquality trade came in three parts. One, this is actually not a larger downtrend, but you are in fact in a long-term ranging sideways market where price has swung in both directions. Two, this support level had another recent large bounce off of it, meaning two reversal points and making it a key support zone. Three, you also had a highquality long-term trend line with three touches that crosses right in the same area of your trade setup and of the support zone, making this an area of confluence and increases the quality of the trade even more. Again, regardless of how good the level is, always wait for an intraday trend change confirmation before taking a long trade. Moving on to the next mistake traders often make, not using multiple time frames. This is the Microsoft stock daily time frame and you are in a clear moving downtrend for months. You believe price is undervalued but are not sure when to buy in because it's such a strong bare market and downtrend. You decide to not buy in at all and as a result you missed out on the massive move that came afterwards. If you had used multiple time frames and looked at the higher time frames, this setup would have been crystal clear. So let's pull up the monthly time frame and put it beside this one. This pullback here on the Microsoft daily time frame is this same area here on the Microsoft monthly time frame. From looking at the Microsoft monthly time frame, price has been in a clear big picture uptrend over time. And price is making higher highs and higher lows exclusively. Meaning this here on the daily could just be a short-term pullback. But here's the most important part. By using this higher time frame, you can spot this crystal clear higher time frame key zone with two bounce points where one had a drastic move away. This area here on the daily is this same area here on the monthly. Meaning when price reached the zone, there were multiple long entry points through the lower intraday time frames. And these moves upwards were huge. These long entries could have been taken through standard long trades or through a multitude of advanced options trading entries our members and us. So why are higher time frame levels and zones so key? First, higher time frame zones are so effective for entries because there is a higher probability that price will bounce from these zones, but also a higher chance that your trades will move a greater distance after reaching these levels. Second, higher time frame zones are areas where the large institutions are often looking to enter or exit massive positions, which causes big swings of price as they have the power to sway the market based on the sheer size of their positions. Let's show this again. This is the Coinbase stock daily time frame and you were in a clear moving downtrend for months. Again, you believe price is undervalued but are not sure when to buy in because it's such a strong bare market and downtrend. There are also no highquality support levels on this time frame in recent time. You decide to not buy in at all and miss the massive move that came. If you had used multi time frames and looked at the higher time frames, this setup would have been crystal clear. So, let's pull up the monthly time frame and put it beside this one. This pullback here on the Coinbase daily time frame is this same area here on the Coinbase monthly time frame. From looking at the Coinbase monthly time frame, you can spot this crystal clear massive reversal point of price which gave you a key higher time frame support level. This area here on the daily is this same area here on the monthly. Meaning when price reached the zone, there were multiple long entry points through standard long trades or through a multitude of advanced option trading entries. our members and us use and these moves upwards were huge. Let's show this again. This is the Tesla stock daily time frame and you were in a clear moving downtrend for months. Again, you believe price is undervalued but are not sure when to buy in because it's such a strong bare market and downtrend. There are also no highquality support levels on this time frame in recent time. You decide to not buy in at all and missed out on a ton of highquality long trade setups. So, let's pull up the monthly time frame and put it beside this one. This pullback here on the Tesla daily time frame is this same area here on the Tesla monthly time frame. From looking at the Tesla monthly time frame, you can spot this crystal clear support and resistance zone with multiple touches. You also had this long-term trend line that crossed right in the same area presenting an area of confluence. This area here on the daily is this same area here on the monthly. Notice how many bounces you had off of the monthly zone once price got there and presented a ton of intraday long trade setups. Again, by not using multiple time frames, you would have missed out on all these trade setups. Just from using this one strategy, our members banked a ton of money from the recent market reversal. So, moving on to the next mistake traders often make, not waiting for confirmation. So, before we continue, we want to hear from you. What other topics do you want us to cover next? Let us know in the comments below right now specifically what video topics you want us to cover [Music] next. Also, please hit the like button as it goes a long way in supporting our team. You spot these four reversal points which gives you a very key resistance level. As price comes back up, you have this very long wick candle form right at the key level and you think to yourself, "This is an amazing short trade and enter short right away." The trade fails and continues on upwards and you lose money. The reason this occurs is because you didn't wait for confirmation. So, let's show how confirmation works. You spot these four reversal points which give you a key support zone. As price comes back down and touches the zone, you head along with candle form and you enter long and the trade fails because you didn't wait for confirmation. We use the lower intraday time frames and multi-time frame combinations for confirmation. But to keep it simple for you and using just one time frame, look for a trend change confirmation through any form of price action that signals a trend change. In this case, you had a descending wedge pattern form followed by a bullish engulfing candle that breaks above the pattern and forms a higher high, which is your trend change confirmation and is when you would look for a long entry point through the lower intraday time frames. Let's show this again. These three reversal points give you a key resistance zone. As price comes back up and touches the zone, this presented a short trade opportunity. This did not fail, but you just got a slight bounce before price continued on up, which means you would have made a small profit, broken even, or even taken a loss if you held too long. This is all because you didn't wait for confirmation. Price then makes a false breakout before you have a massive bearish engulfing candle. But again, this is still an uptrend as you have higher highs and higher lows. This here is your first signal of a trend change through the lower high. And once price breaks the neckline and makes a lower low, this confirms your trend change and that a reversal is coming. This is also a head and shoulders pattern, which is a reversal pattern. Aggressive traders enter on the break of neckline. Conservative traders enter on the pullback here, but remember that a pullback might not always come and you'll miss the trade. For us, the best way to enter in situations like this is to always go to the lower intraday time frames and use our entry and exit strategy and key tool for the most precise entry point. Let's show this again. You have a moving downtrend with clear lower highs and lower lows. Price is becoming undervalued and you are considering looking for long trades, but you don't want to trade against the strong downtrend until you find trend change confirmation price action. These reversal points give you a key support and resistance zone. These reversal points give you your key trend line. Once price breaks above the trend line through the support and resistance zone and finally makes a clear higher high, this is your trend change confirmation. Aggressive traders enter on the breakout here. Conservative traders enter on the pullback here. But again, it might not always come and you might miss the trade. The best way to enter is always to go to the lower intraday time frames and use our entry and exit strategy and key tools for a precision entry point. Moving on to the next mistake traders often make, not spotting trigger events. These two reversal points give you a key resistance level and it is also a swing high point. As price comes back up, you head along with candle form that is also a candle color change to red which shows momentum loss and an actual reaction to the key level. This time around you then think to yourself, this is a great highquality short trade and you enter short. Then what happens? Price breaks right through and you lose money. The reason for this is because you are coming off of a trigger event. So what is a trigger event? A trigger event is when there was a recent highquality trade setup close by to the left where lots of traders entered into the trade and they are now in control. This here is your trigger event through the double bottom pattern followed by a break of the neckline and higher high. Long traders entered here and more long traders entered here at the break of neckline and higher high which confirmed the trend change. These long traders are now making money from the uptrend, holding large long positions and are not ready to close yet as they're making money from their position and won't suddenly close it all out due to simply a key level. Not looking to the left and spotting the recent highquality long trade setup and trigger event means you would be blinded by this fake highquality short trade setup. In order for this short trade setup to be real, you would have wanted trend change price action like wide swings of price, a trend change pattern, or an intraday trend change confirmation. In situations like this, you want to use the trigger event and the dominant moving uptrend to your advantage and ride the wave upwards. This shallow pullback entry here was your long entry point and you would take a long entry through the lower intraday time frames. Let's show this again. These reversal points give you a key resistance level. As price comes back up, you had multiple on candles form at the key resistance level and you think to yourself, "This is a great short trade opportunity and you enter short. Price breaks right through and your stop loss was most likely hit and you lose money. The reason for this is because you are coming off of a trigger event. This here is your trigger event. You had long traders enter here. More long traders enter here. descending triangle pattern and once it broke give you a long trade setup confirmation and more traders entered at the break. You then had pullback traders also entering here. You have all these traders loading up on long trades which gives you your trigger event and heavy bullish momentum. And they won't all suddenly close out their longs just because of a key level. You don't have a short trade setup until you have price action that signals a trend change and that signals that the long traders are finally closing out their positions. You had that trend change confirmation through the trend line break here, which would confirm this false breakout. Short trade setup here and confirms long traders have begun closing out their positions. Moving on to the biggest mistake traders always make, not combining price action with volume. This is the Aussie dollar 4hour time frame and was a recent quick trade our members and us took. You had a sideways market. Then a breakout occurs showing you're out of the ranging market and in a bullish trending market. So you want to trade with the trend. These reversal points give you your key level. As price comes back down to the level, it presented a long trade opportunity. So you want to look inside of this area for price action that signals a trend change from a downtrend to an uptrend to signal the short-term pullback is over and that the uptrend will continue. Let's pull up the 30inut time frame and put it beside this one. This area here on the 4hour time frame is this same area here on the 30inut time frame. You had a triple bottom form followed by a break of trend line and is where some traders would enter long. But now for more advanced traders, you want to combine volume for more early and accurate trade entry points. We enter down here through the very low time frames using advanced volume tools. There are many advanced volume trading tools our members and us use, but to keep it simple, one of our favorites is the session volume profile tool. So, to access the session volume profile tool, go to indicators, type in session volume profile, and once you click it, you'll see it applied on your charts. Session volume shows you the volume at each price level during each trading session. If you want to use this exact volume tool, the link is in the description below. The larger the bar, the higher the trading volume. The white line is your point of control and is the area where the most buyers and sellers took action at. This is important because if they took action at that price level in the past, they may have interest to take action again in the future if price returns to that level. So notice how your very key level price action and trade setup lines up with this recent point of control which creates a high volume cluster trade. Now, you don't just enter blindly in this area as you can still be faked out. You need to go to the very low time frames and use additional volume tools and our entry and exit strategy for a precision long trade. If you want to learn more advanced price action, but more importantly with order flow and volume to trade crypto, forex, and stocks with precision accuracy, click the link below this video or go to wisetrade.com. As always, please hit the like button as it goes a long way in supporting our team. So, thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next episode. [Music]
