================================================================================
PLAYLIST: ICT Price Action Chronicles
VIDEO: ICT Price Action Chronicles - The Science Of Anticipation In Price Action
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tByaPnk3fc4
================================================================================

Good morning folks. How are you? Hope you're doing well. Hope you're doing well. All right. So, obviously we've had a enormous rally off of FOMC. Uh this is last week where I said that I thought that the low for last week was in. We had an enormous rally up. There's a couple places in price action I want you to be aware of that I'm monitoring yesterday. We just bumped that high right there. And still I think this is a little too smooth. So while this was look at the high 30,62 half 30,74 even so just just barely above it. But I'm looking at it like this. Okay. And we've had basically 1 2 3 four days in a row. Now we're having one day back and we're starting today softer. I I don't think we're going to leave today on a down close. I think we're going to try to make an attempt to continue going higher. It's normal for it to have a little bit of a break rallying so hard. So we have a volume imbalance here. up to yesterday's low. So there's our range for daily inefficiency. And we have this area right over here. Notice there's no volume imbalance. So no volume imbalance there. So we have this to the volume imbalance low there. So, we're now just bumping up against reversion fair value gap here and it's an old high. Okay. So, [sighs] looking to the left because there's a gap. We have this wick here. So, one of the things I would want to see it do is to overcome this wick with this as I've taught pretty extensively with uh forex and and futures trading. If you're brand new, non-farm payroll weeks, the best price action, the cleanest price action is going to be on the Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday up to around 11:00 in the morning. If you're brand new, very low experience. Um, and it's not weakness to admit that. It's actually maturity and being responsible. Everybody wants to be the the professional. They want to they want to know everything or assume they know everything when they first start or they want to participate in every possible move and it's not realistic. But see here, we just drop sharply down into that. And I want to delineate the 7:00 time we just entered and then up to 9. So, inside this little area in here, we're going to drop down to one minute chart. So, here we have our little premarket session time. All right. And I'm going to move this over just a little bit. And there is a gap right there. A suspension block. I like that. I'm going to go long in there. You see this wick? If you look at what basically half that wick is, it's it's the high of that inversion fair value. You got this highlighted again, you can see it's not market replay, folks. No need for that. Okay. All right. So I'm entering exactly at the consequent encouragement of this gap right here after we hit the inversion clear bag gap on the daily chart. So it's reasonable to anticipate a pop especially after it drops real quick. So, it was in a hurry to get here. And these relative equal highs and these relative equal highs. And then remember I showed you that level is the wick I want to see price get above on the daily chart. Okay. Rewind the video for a couple seconds and you'll see again what that level is. All right. So, I tweeted also that uh a level I want to see until we get through non-farm payrolls week. Uh we have today and tomorrow for that. If we scrub back, you can see they've left couple areas there smooth that area like that. like that. Look how much energy was shown after creating these relative equal highs. So I like this for uh non-farm payroll. We'll use that right there. So that's that I tweeted that one. That's an area I'm interested in. So when I'm tweeting on a level, I want to see something technically align with that and and got caught up in my dialogue. I didn't even set the stop loss. Started to talk about it. I don't know if you can tell. I just got up about 15 minutes ago, fed the pups and that's it. But I was telling you about this wick. See how it's basically consequent encroachment is the top of that inversion fair value gap. So the stop loss has to start and open up on a trade just right at that level and under. Okay. So there you go. [snorts] Apologize. So initially we're going to look for a run into this relative equal high and we want to see price now also is like a threshold. Think of it like a a ladder. Now don't think in terms of depth of market like a ladder like that but think of it like this. We have this big vertical decline in one single candle. So that high that low which is the highest point of that inefficiency to this volume of balance low right there. We want to see price show a willingness to get above this midpoint level and start laying bodies above that. Okay? And you can add, if you want to be very like purist, if you will, you can add all of the levels that's been given to you for grading. That one, and there it is. Okay. So now you can watch inside of this range on a one minute chart. You can watch how price is utilizing these levels. And I'll put a limit order just to get a one contract off right above there. So I'll sell one there. Right. So, notice how we're getting that nice little pop here. So, I went outside trying to feed the deer a banana. She had a a baby with her. I was trying to cook. So, usually I can call them over to me and they'll get real close and eat whatever I toss out there like fruit and whatever. So, I spent a little bit more time than I should have. I could I could have been in here with this, but that's okay. I mean, you see how fast we're we're getting in here now. Look at that line right there. See how we're above it? That bodess well. Okay. So, what I can do now is wait to see this candlestick close above halfway. Then I can roll the stop up from here up just below these lows right there. We want to see it overlap all of this decline and rip above here and then stay above it because then the next order of business would be looking at the order flow relative to these relative equal highs. All right. So now I can roll the stop up. How easy that is. Easy peasy lemon squeezy. Okay. I always like to look for when the market's like really suppressed or had like a blowoff move to the upside and then it reaches into a nice key daily level as I indicated at the beginning of this recording here. Um we're seeing that there. So this was a massive decline. It gets everybody excited. Oh, it's going to be a big bearish day and we're already coming back this aggressive. Okay, so just think for a moment. I teach my students to do this. If we were to assume we were part of the shorts here, okay, say you was one that went short and you have your stop loss just above that high. How safe are you feeling right now? where we're at right now. How fast we come off of that daily inversion fair bay gap. We supported price here with this and it ripped higher. Looks like it's trying to get somewhere, doesn't it? When the market shows willingness to to keep running like that, it's going for liquidity. Okay. And these are the last of the bears that just came in and they were rewarded. Sometimes you can be offside and have a short-lived moment of unrealized profitability. The problem is is many times it's not recognized by the individuals while they're in the trade that they should have collapsed and took profits. So now again, we're watching this line in here. We want to see the willingness of price to want to stay above that. Okay. And I'm going to actually roll the stop just to cover commissions. How about do it and give me a pizza dinner for the gang? I don't eat pizza anymore. Just I'd like to toss it out there just for dialogue. keeping with the conversation I was bringing up earlier. If you're new to my channel, if you're new to me, if you if you're not familiar with with the things I teach or the conceptual ideas around days of the week, weeks of the month, specific months of the year, u there's a there's a rhyme and reason as to why I I believe certain things should happen or should not happen in price. And non-farm payroll is a report that comes out usually the first week of every month and it's the Friday that they release the nonfarm nonfarm numbers in the United States and it's a widely traded. It used to be really um something that intraday traders and short-term traders would really like to gamble on. Um over the years I've seen that the data really isn't trustworthy. Not that I ever really cared about the numbers themselves. Uh it's the invitation of a wonderful day of anticipation expecting large volatility that's timed right at 8:30 on on nonpart non-farm payroll Fridays. They're extremely unpredictable. uh you don't really know for certain what they're going to do because the data isn't always trustworthy. And I've seen many times where the jobs data should be extremely bullish if we're going to be fundamentally uh aligned with what price is doing. And I don't believe that the markets entirely are doing that. I believe commodity markets like food, energy, um I'll come back to energy in a second. Um food and grains, meats and things like that. Um cotton things that we use for for clothing, >> [snorts] >> uh grocery items that you have to eat. Those things are generally controlled by fundamental supply and demand factors. There really isn't any fundamental driving factors for like stocks or index futures like we're looking at here. It's it's perceived uh supply and demand factors, not not trading. Okay, we're not talking about zones and things like that, but non-farm payroll for [snorts] jobs data is one of the largest reports that is misinterpreted by traders and I got caught up in it in the early years of my career. I started uh not November 5th, 1992. And when I was 14, 13, 14 going into my 16th year as a teenager, all through those years, my uncle was talking to me all the time. And he never one time mentioned fundamental data. Like, not that I'd learned how to trade wealth from my uncle, but that was my first introduction to it. And maybe if people would have talked about it, you know, I I I probably would have been more more inclined, pardon me, more inclined to uh spend more, you know, time seeking out more information about it. It wasn't until uh my second year that uh I learned about fundamental data and fundamentally I thought it was stupid because if we're looking at something for instance non-farm payroll data we're looking at old information expecting it to have an immediate impact on what already has been known by informed money. So do you believe honestly especially in today's world all the corruption and things it's obvious you don't think they had that information like they sat on the data for like a month the information they sat on it and the market had moved while people in the know they have privileged seats like senators they have they have inside information they know things that are going to be approved for companies, for sales, new products, new innovative ideas that are going to be brought to market. So, they actually have VIP seating where they can actually assume trades and it's illegal really, but you wouldn't think it so much anymore. You know, insider trading is, you know, it's in fashion. That's how these people get rich. So, I'm just I'm not a fan of fundamental analysis, let's put it that way. Maybe there was a time when things were more on the up and up, but I do believe it has a strong correlation to commodities like crops like corn, grains, soybean, wheat, uh oats because they end up in our grocery stores and people consume them. um livestock um like you know farms like cows, horses, uh they they use those things. So there's a real supply and demand factor. If there isn't a bumper crop of corn and say the the crops come in lower than expected, that's going to have a direct correlation to the price of everything that uses corn from corn in itself or to items that we buy at the grocery store that uses an ingredient. and livestock, the care for them, the cost of doing that is going to be harder for the the the livestock farmers, okay, the people that raise the meat. So, they're going to have to pay more for the food to take care of that. So, what do you think they're going to do when it comes time for them to bring their livestock to market for slaughter? They're going to demand a higher price because they it costs more to feed them. So I do believe there's a supply and demand factor that is strongly correlated to like agricultural markets, not so much with bonds, not so much with stocks, not so much with index futures. So it's kind of like a pseudocience as a technical analyst when we're looking at markets that don't really have supply and demand factors. Okay. So, um I guess one can argue like everyone that's fanatical about these Pokemon cards. There's a supply and demand factor there for Lunacy. Okay. But I would never invest money in something like that. It's just it doesn't make any sense to me. It just makes no sense at all. But there's always a fool out there willing to pay more than you did if you wait long enough and market it appropriately. All right. So, see how we did? inclined all the way back up to that right there. It always bothers me when I open I bump the top of this and it shows here. It used to be my uh my concern would be I got to erase this. Okay, look real close. You see that guy's face right here? Watch when I hover. See that upper leftand corner? That guy's not around anymore. I don't know why everybody's pretending he is. It's like weekend at Bernie's and you and you wonder why our future's looking pretty bleak. We have people out there that are running offices and and seats that shouldn't be doing anything. All right. So, how we're reaching above? Look at that. Look at this right here. That run right there. this going down into the daily inversion fair value gap and then completely running over top of this using the halfway point. None of the body none of the bodies close below that. You see that? See that? Isn't it interesting? So, we'll see if we can get a little bit of an animation to these crush on that daily wick I gave you. Again, always reflecting that it is not market replay. You can see the entirety of my screen. I sat here and talked to you. Probably bored you to death. Didn't give you anything that was interesting. Oops. You know what I didn't do? Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. I I got into my talking and didn't even show the execution. I'm sorry. All right. So, that's that. Um, you can see there's the look right here. There's the fill right there. Right above shortterm high right there. Ain't that clever? Look at that. Probably luck. Okay, this already you many times better than most of the people out there that claim to know how to trade. You know, the guys in the comment section, they'll say this is all made up stuff. >> [laughter] >> He's cherry-picking. They can't find something like this. They They can't see the logic. They can't see any reason for it to anticipate a run, which I kind of like want to talk about that this weekend. Um, it'll be a space that I put on my YouTube channel. I don't want to be on X because X sometimes messes me up. Sometimes the uh the audio doesn't permit me to be heard. And I I believe I believe that's intentional. And you can argue and believe whatever you want to believe, but I believe it's intentional. [sighs and gasps] All right. So, I'm going to see if I can get a contract off here. But if I do it on YouTube, it'll be like pre-recorded. So, that way it'll be me just talking. Okay. And topic I want to talk about is generic price structure that yields continuous opportunities. In other words, if if you knew everything, okay, if you knew everything that I have released in my teaching compendium on this YouTube channel, if you knew everything that I covered there in and of itself, you would have a massive understanding about price action framework that's available for setups. um where price action generally creates the obvious areas of where price will run like we outlined here on that daily inversion fair and then this one here by the way why did I pick this one you're probably asking you know what's so significant about that it's the last one on this run here so all the energy it took from this high all the way down to that point right The last inefficiency looking at this lowest down close. I'm sorry, lowest candle of all this price run lower. Start walking back to the left. There's no gap. There's a volume imbalance, but we already used that there. You see that? So that would have been an area if I was sitting in front of the charts and ready to talk to you about it and recording. I would have put one of my entries there and then I would have pyramided up in here but wasn't from the charts. Okay, I have a real life. I have responsibilities. Okay, I have puppies that I take take care of and they demand to be fed. Little brats. So keep working to the left. Okay. And then we don't have a gap in here because the wicks are bridging that up. We have a small little volume imbalance there. It gets used there. Opens, trades down. There's the volume imbalance colors outside the the inversion fair value gap which is permissible. That's absolutely permissible. But then we have this suspension block. So we have that little volume imbalance there where the bodies don't connect or overlap. And then we have this section here where these two candlesticks respectively their bodies don't connect or overlap. So when we have a invol u volume balance at the high and the low of an inefficiency that's a suspension block. So you carry that information forward and then you can see where obviously I went long right at the midpoint there. Now why was I confident about that? Everything I just said, we traded down into this energetically on the daily chart. This is a key level and key levels on a daily chart, you have a large degree of probability. That means odds are in your favor. You're going to see a tradable price run. It doesn't mean that you're going to be profitable. It just means that you as a trader, we need movement. Okay? Without motion, without movement in price action, it's impossible for us to profit. It's literally impossible. So isn't it obvious that we have to spend more time looking for places where price may on a consistent basis provide those types of things where we can in invite the opportunity to take on risk measured risk managing it impeccably and then anticipate not react anticipate. Notice what I was doing down here when I was talking to you. I anticipated this drop down in here while it didn't happen live. I expected it to have this type of reaction here. I anticipated this area here to propel price up. It came up half of it, then we closed outside of it and then rallied up right there on that immediate candle where it started to go higher. I felt that that is an area where it's it's reasonable for me to get long there because I have the backdrop of we're in a daily inversion fair gap. We have the volume imbalance. They used it right there. The algorithm immediately open traded right down into Let me show it to you visually. I got people sending me emails mad. If you're really a teacher, you would do this in front of us. No. And I'm not going to be guilted into it. Okay. Those are the individuals I mute online when you cry baby to me about how I should be doing this. No, I'm doing this for free. I'm not obligated to do any of these things. But as soon as you start twisting my arm saying I'm only going to believe you, then don't believe me. Soon as you start a conversation with that I'm only going to believe or I don't believe, okay, I'm not interested in hearing anything. [laughter] So the volume imbalance there, you can see we traded down into it. Look at the open on this candlestick's price 29,390.75. So just think 90.75. The low on this candlestick 90.75. That's perfect, folks. And you want to talk to me about order flow and level two data and bubble charts and things like that. Not necessary. It's not necessary at all. So, because I had shown these things just by quick glance, I don't need to talk about it, but many times because I'm using a one minute chart, I'm I'm operating inside of a time frame where it does not permit me the luxury of fluffing it. You have to know exactly what you're doing. You have to know exactly what you're doing, what it should do, what it should not be doing, and what's permissible, what's not permissible. In the beginning, it's like this is impossible for me to know what it should be doing until you start recognizing patterns of volatility, price runs that are easily predictable. So, we predicted that this was an area where it would have a sustained price run higher. We predicted that this was going to be a catalyst to send price higher. We predicted that price would completely erode and run right back over top of all of this and then go for the buy side here and here. It's done so handsomely. We predicted that price should be respecting this halfway point. Okay, consequent encroachment. That right there is not taught by Chris Lori. I'm just going to toss that out there for the people that leave comments in other people's channels. I read that stuff. It's it's it's funny. It's comedy. But uh none of that stuff was ever taught by him. And no, I didn't learn from him. So the idea of it running up and taking that buy side there, we have this wick. We want to see the uh willingness of price action to support. Where we at here with this fib? There it is. There to there. All right. So, I'm going to take the other lines off. I know. Why don't you set up uh blah blah blah. I know, but I like showing it because so many people ask to see my fib settings. They get shoved in your face constantly. Okay. So, I want to see price try to have a continued willingness to be above this wick's consequent encouragement. Okay. And then right there. Now, what I'm going to do is simply because this has been really energetic. I'm going to back off my demand of because I supply demand the uh that that high. I want to I want to take one off at that high because we've had such a nice run from here. Okay. You ever you ever as a child ever eat tap taffy? Think about it. You grab it and you stretch it out. And as you stretch it out, it gets thinner and thinner and thinner and thinner. And eventually it'll droop down. That's that's what we have here. So it can give up the ghost below here. I'd prefer it don't. That means it could go down below that. And if it does, I would want to see it stay in the upper half of this gap. So, what I just did was I gave you an if then clause for the price action is right now. Okay? Ideally, we want to see this wick support that you don't ever hear anybody teach that only person ever came out and talked about that was me. This gap here, if it were to go below this, okay, if it were to go down below that, which right now it's not showing any willingness to do that, which is nice. We're going to bring that up to there. So, now we locked in. Nice little mortgage payment or bungalow [laughter] somewhere. I don't know if it were to come back down in here because it looks like it might want to do it now. This area up in here, it needs to show uh discount sensitivity. Okay. So that would be like this halfway point there up to that. Drag that over. We want to see price. If it comes down here, it needs to be reactive to the upside and not be so inclined to want to go all the way down here. That's why I have my stop loss here. It's below the midpoint of this wick right there. So if it's bullish, it need not go below this area here. Worst case scenario, it could wick down to that. I' I'd prefer it not do that. So, I gave you if it does this, if it doesn't go below here, which it's done, and continues to goes higher, that's really good. But if it does go below here, then I got this area where it has to show me a willingness to go higher. And because this is like a critical area because I'm looking at this old high as a PDA. I'm looking at this upper portion of this buy set of balance sell sign efficiency as a PD array. And I'm also looking at that wick right there. So there's my three PD arrays. If the third one and the lowest one is this upper portion of this buy side of balance side efficiency. Okay. This gap again one of those things that Chris Lori did not teach. Okay. And I don't mean to be mean-spirited, but I have to correct these people when they put that stuff out there because he didn't teach the upper half of a gap that's formed like this. That's where it's going to create the uh the strongest form of buying for an entry, let's put it that way, because you want to see a small portion of the gap stay open. A small portion of a gap remaining open is an unwillingness to go lower. So if the market is unwilling to go lower while you're expecting higher prices, doesn't that by definition indicate that it's extremely strong? Of course. But nobody else thought that that way before. So that's what that's what you don't recognize. Just because you see me drawing boxes on my chart doesn't mean it's supply and demand and it doesn't mean it's anything else from anyone else. I don't have a problem. If I would have learned it from somebody else, I'd been like, you know, this is where I learned it from. But I didn't. So, I mean, that that's it. That's the truth. >> So, let's see if it taps this little blue shaded area. If it comes down and stops me out, it's been a wonderful experiment. wick up here the consequent encouragement of that daily wick I was showing you earlier at the beginning of the session so right away let's say for instance that you were you were nervous okay and you didn't have the the the confidence and you know that we're at a really nice level here and you're just afraid it's going to come back too deep on you can just do this how painless that was you immediately remove the stink or the weight of I need to be right. I need to be right. You don't need to be right, but you do need to manage your emotions. And trade psychology is easily managed by rewarding yourself when the opportunity is there. Give yourself the cookie. Okay. um trading and building your equity, you want your equity to increase. You want the weight of that number to increase. So, how does that happen? You consume new equity. It's like eating cookies. Okay? This is the only thing that you can do where you consume more and the weightiness of your bottom line increases. You want that number to be fat. In the beginning, you got to teach yourself to re, you know, reward yourself with the cookie. Put your hand in the cookie jar when when it's permissible. In this case, it's permissible. We've had an entry down here. Look at that reaction right there. See that? It's almost like I'm doing. It's crazy the idea of rewarding yourself, giving yourself that little bit of a reward. And when you feel nervous, think about it. Like when I was a younger guy and I experienced anxiety, the the impulse to want to eat sweets would go way up. And I discovered that I was a nervous eater. And when I was in long periods of draw down in the early stages of my development, I started eating very poorly. You snack cakes. Um I'm I'm a bit of a baker and I would make cakes and then it would be nothing for me to basically eat the entire cake over a trading day. Pour milk and just eat right off the plate that I just created it. And if you're sitting there and you're stressed out and you're constantly eating sweets all the time, you're going to tear your health up. It's going to be very uncomfortable while you're stressed and you're going to gain weight. In trading, you have to think, I want a cookie when it's offered to me. I'm going to I'm not going to have my hands spack uh smacked or my rear end spanked by me taking profits. Okay? When people say, "Well, if you said that you thought, see what I just did there." That's the benefit of giving yourself the cookie. Tuck two off of three. If it comes down, stops me out. This point here from here, that's wonderful. See that? Painless. Painless. There's no argument about, well, I'm mad because it didn't go up here and get my next target here. Why? Why would you be mad? Why would you be mad? Now, the next bit of business is we have this inefficiency. Real quick, the same thing I added as a measure of discount sensitivity would be the midpoint here up to there. If it's going to be continued to the upside, I would prefer it stay sensitive to not wanting to go lower while we're in this area here. Okay? And it would be nice to see it completely repel away from that and overlap that high, then start to stretch out and go up towards that daily wick I told you about in the consequent encouragement. But there don't want to be shorting it. If it goes up there, I'd be going short. The uh I lost my train of thought. Give me a second here. I'm going to let this be unedited, too. By the way, there's a couple things like the cough and the clearing my throat and me just saying I just lost my train of thought. I'm going to keep it together cuz I want you to see everything down here. Everything here time-wise, which is always New York local time. All these things are organic. They're not voiced over. And we talked about this price run happening. It It delivered. It did not give me my second area, which was up here. And then I adjusted it for this. And then we failed once we got into here to go any higher. Now, I I sensed a little disturbance in the force because we we had this drop down in here and then it showed that one candle where it looked like it was going to run. It opened, traded right down to that and went right right here, went right to the rejection block and then it gave up the ghost. And then that's why we're seeing this bodies. Look at the bodies. It's below that wick consequent encroachment. That's why it got real heavy and weighty in here. So you see all those things I'm teaching, it's all happening in price action. But if you ever get into a position where you're now concerned about the outcome or you feel like you're going to feel like a victim if it comes back against you and and stops you out once you adjust your stop loss as you saw me do earlier. And you have the ability to take a partial off. As soon as you start wrestling with that idea, especially if you're new, if you're inexperienced, the best thing you can do to re to reward what you have done thus far and also to lessen the concern for those types of things is to simply take something off. Don't think, oh, okay, um, it's going to go for my stop. I shouldn't have raised it up here. Let me draw it back down. What are you doing? You're going to give back all of that unrealized potential gain by re readjusting the stop loss once you raise it up. Commit to that. What you're saying is is I'm going to be paid if it stops me out. Why would you want why would you want to would you go to work for someone work all week long for an agreed salary and then say you know what something just doesn't feel right. I'm going to go in and uh tell them to take uh you a third of my payoff. I just something doesn't feel right. That's what you're doing when you move your stop loss back and you take away the potential to get paid at whatever level it was you raised the stop up when you're long or when you lowered it when you're short. As soon as you commit to a stop loss that's adjusted that way, stick with that. If you do that, I promise you, number one, it's going to create discipline. to you're managing. You don't feel it in the beginning, but you're managing the weight of right or wrong and fear and greed. You don't have the experience of recognizing it. That's what it does. So, when you move your stop loss and you lock in some measure of profit, if you just watch the live streamers and and some of my students still have this little bit of a an issue, if they move their stop loss and it starts to go towards their stop, you can listen to their breathing, watch their body language, and their facial expressions will start changing. they'll they'll be concerned. They'll look like the guy at the poker table when you're watching the World Series of Poker Trading. And uh he's been stonefaced the entire time, but now all of a sudden he's he's standing up. He's got his arms crossed. He's he's everything on that trade is not that trade, but on that that hand. Everything is committed and they can't hold it in anymore. That's what happens when you move a stop-loss. But why would you want to say, "All right, I I moved it to a point of where I locked in. If it comes back against me, I'm going to get paid." That's a reward. Let it do its job. You hired that stop-loss to do a job. Take you out of a trade and pay you. You're going to get paid. If you get stopped out and you moved it in into profit, you're going to get paid. Why are you looking at it any other way? Think, for those of you who've done this, you've never thought about it like that. I promise you, you don't think it like that. You think that you're being victimized. Oh, the the market's so and so. [laughter] Something happened. Trump is the big big culprit now. He's being blamed for everything. No, you just suck. Okay? You don't know how to wrestle yourself and and bring yourself under submission. You did something wrong. That's that's the reality. Okay. You you moved your stop loss. You didn't take profit at a higher price. Okay. And here you watched me walk you through it. It was showing signs that okay, maybe maybe it's something for me to illustrate. Take one of them off. It gave an indication like it wanted to go but it only went right to the rejection block. Rejection block is the highest up close price in a swing high. And that's this right there. Okay, you see that? Once it started coming back down, as soon as you tap that, the concern for it to rally there, because I took a partial off there, right at the high, which would have been an area where I could have been reaching for there, I could have took two off. See it? Look, look at the price. See how they match? See that? That and that. It's basically the same thing. Hey girls, look. I promised them I was going to edit these video. Okay, you're going to mess it all up. So, you're getting, you know, in actual application over live price speed doing executions, not market replay. Okay. Do you see any controls down here? Down here at the bottom? You don't see that? Okay. Look, I'm moving things around. Look at this. Look at that. I would like to see if it can build the idea of climbing back up into this area here. And if it can support price again in that area and go higher, then we're going to consider going to this level. But if it folds and trades below here, below that low on a closing basis, then this is going to be the last line of defense for any bullishness on the initial, I guess, expectations of this morning's session. Anyway, um I I think that's actually a perfect place to close this one down. And it's during a time where I teach you to focus and between 7:00 e Eastern time to 9:00 a.m. using the logic, pardon me, using the logic of the daily PD array and it traded down to discount arrays on the daily chart. When it did that at this time at 7:00 in the morning, it did it aggressively. It ripped higher, create all this consolidation here, and then folded quickly, and now we're supporting the upper half, which is again something I told you I would like to see as it like a defensive view on price action. Does it price want to defend its market structure here? Now, if we can climb up into this and reaccumulate and uh rally higher, then this over here would pretty much be a certainty. Okay, so I'm going to close this one here. Hurry up. I'm going compress it and render it and send it up onto YouTube and give you guys something to to listen to. and then uh take it to heart. Okay, there's lots of opportunities, lots of opportunities, but unless you know what you are going to look for and anticipate and hunt, cuz that's what we're doing. We're hunting. We're not waiting for the deer, okay, to um start running before we pursue it. It needs to walk in front of us in our pathway and then we take it down to consume it. I don't hunt, but I'm just giving you an example, okay? Cuz predominantly most of my audience is men or male and they tend to have a a lean towards macho things like that. I I I don't think it's macho, but some people I'm not I'm like I'm not like pea level, you know. it was created for us to eat. [sighs] But uh you have to learn to anticipate things, know when it's likely to do something, and then what does it do to support the idea once you believe it's going to go up? How should that movement start the inception of that price run? and where's the footholds that continuously give continued feedback that that price run is sustainable and I walked you through all of it here. Okay, so hopefully this is helpful to you. Um it's there's just one more piece of the puzzle explaining things. Okay, and uh there's technical science behind it, folks. You just got to spend a little bit more time with the old man. I promise where you end up, you'll enjoy it.
