================================================================================
PLAYLIST: ICT Trade Executions
VIDEO: NQ Employment Number Live Execution \ December 07, 2023
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOpmn7JqBEY
================================================================================

All right. Good morning. Trading the order block, fair value gap, and [snorts] the run on liquidity here. And if I take your attention over to this little area right in here, that's a little too clean. So, I think that's where we're going to reach initially. And I'd like to see it get up into this little area right there. So, we'll see if that is in fact what we get or if I get stung again today. So, here is the business. It is my wife's birthday today. So, I have to uh manage my time efficiently. I got a lot of feedback yesterday on my execution that shared um showing that there was two additional trades taken after my original idea. While profitable, uh it didn't pan out like I wanted it to. And then I tried two other times to take um the same premise and uh both of them were ended up And both of them got stopped out. So, the feedback yes, I can see all your comments by the way, even though it looks like no one can comment or no one is commenting on my videos. There's a lot of people commenting. But, it's sugar fest. So, there's a lot of love and and we miss you ICT, that type of stuff. But, um to answer the question the folks that send me messages, I read all of them. And thank you very much for all that. I had a lot of feedback yesterday for sharing um the executions that failed on the two other subsequent attempts by me. And that was me, you know, still trying to, you know, to do that. I know that some of you like to believe that I I did it on purpose. But I tried. I tried to get the move that I wanted to see come to fruition yesterday and it it didn't materialize. So, I don't generally like to trade on non-farm payroll week after Wednesday. Um, and if I have a a profitable Monday, um, that usually caps the week for me and then I'm done. So, I'm going to take three off. Above this high here, there's buy side resting just above that. So, we'll want to take that off there. Nice little scalp. Uh, what I don't want to see is it [clears throat] reject off of this gap in here. I'd like to see it treat that as a inversion fair value gap. Right here. So, the color scheme I like to use is whenever there's a fair value gap being annotated on my chart and it's like this hue, this color here, um, I treat it as a inversion level or what you would classically see in retail theory, um, when a supposed level that is always perfect [clears throat] in hindsight, when they give it to you in the textbooks, here is classic support and resistance where resistance is broken and now turn to support. Um, that is a unfortunate flawed logic because it it's left to a large degree of interpretation that is wide and well, not commonly agreed upon. So, if it was so easy to do support and resistance, everybody would be making money. But the idea of a level failing and then being treated as the opposing view. Okay, um that's what my PD arrays do. So, that's why I kind of like tongue and cheek always say that this these things are real support resistance, not in the classic sense because you know, diagonal support resistance, that's you know, that's a religion and I don't I don't have a subscription to those types of false doctrines, we'll call it. [laughter] So, anyway, the uh the idea or premise here is inversion fair value gap. And I'd like to see it trade above that. So far, it's respecting it, but it didn't quickly reject and come back down. That's good. It can come down into this volume imbalance. Right in here. So, that's perfectly permissible. There's nothing terribly wrong about that. It'd be [clears throat] better if it left it open, treated it like a fair value I'm not like a fair value gap, but uh yeah, breakaway gap. That would be good. There we go. [gasps] So, that is another volume imbalance there as well. Let me see if I can get both of them. There we go. Not quite on it, but still nonetheless, it's good enough. Now, we're trading through it. Hear my 51-year-old bones cracking. [laughter] The uh inversion fair value gap, and unless we go way above here and keep on rolling, I'd like to see it trade another candle, trade down. If it does, without taking that high out, there you go. Now, there's there's me being wrong, but profitable. That's the goal. Okay, you want to be able to trade these markets and not have a dependency on your idea panning out. So, covered costs and profits been taken. I'm going to take another one off here simply because I feel sexy and I know it. And we are looking for whatever it wants to give. You know, it's not on payroll. You know, they've already burned the sell side down here, overshot it, took a run into this here. And now this is a breaker. So, we want to look at that candle right there. That's the one that has my interest. Now, technically it could be this entire range here. But in a perfect world, I'd like to see it. Let me change the color cuz it's going to confuse you if I don't. Um that entire range. Like in other words, it could come back down and touch that inversion fair value gap. Which next is the whole idea of this is resistance broken now turn support. I don't look at it that way. I look at it how it can come down into this area, touch this inversion fair value gap, and leave the portion from this candle's high to whatever it creates as a um inversion level where it reacts off of, leave that portion open as a breakaway gap. And if it does it, I'll explain to you in great detail, but I just want to say it audibly then cuz I don't have time to make all these decisions. And cuz right now and we're in a live execution. So, this is not market replay. The market is open. It's on a 1-minute chart. You can see that the time matches in the lower right-hand corner of TradingView. Okay, if you have delayed data, there would be like a D up here for delay. And there's no discrepancy between the time down here, which is always again in New York format, okay? So, you can see how it came down, hit that up close candle right there. That's the one I told you would be most sensitive. I like to use that one. It traded down into that and then we're seeing another higher high. Now, because I'm jawboning, um I would have taken another one contract off above here cuz that's running down new equity. In other words, when the market is in your favor and it keeps taking highs out and you're long, uh it's a good practice while you're learning. You know, when you're more seasoned, you'll know better places for you to take your your profits or partials uh because of the experience that you'll gain over time. But in the beginning, you don't know what that is. So, it's important for you to train yourself to do this because it'll teach you by default. Top left. You know, there's people out there saying I'm doing this with six laptops, by the way. [laughter] It's a whole lot of things going on right here for me to be managing. I appreciate that. It's a it's a compliment, but uh I I don't have that well of a attention span. I'm easily distracted. So, I'm going to do what I was telling you a moment ago and teach you by practice. If I'm just getting There you go. Thank you very much. So, you know, it's a myth out there saying that, you know, um if smart money concepts by ICT were a real thing, then they would still work on non-farm payroll. And you know, I'm presenting this here for those that are those types of mindsets. Um but by far and large, you know, these are the days that I can get it wrong. Okay? And I can get it wrong on the Wednesday of non-farm payroll. I can get it wrong on the Thursday of non-farm payroll. And I can get it wrong with um the actual event of non-farm payroll on on non-farm non-farm payroll uh Friday. But uh it's an employment data released today and it's it's not technically nonfarm payroll Friday but it's nonfarm payroll Friday week. So the Thursday and the Friday of that particular week is highly problematic for precision. Meaning also let me show you this because you can't do this in market replay by the way. Go on to market replay. I'm actually going to do a market replay comparison. I don't use market replay but I'm going to show you what these arrows look like versus the arrows that are being shown with a live execution like this is versus the big clunky looking arrows that market replay puts up when it does a trade but you can't make the arrows go away in market replay like this. That that doesn't help for the people that like to sit on the sidelines and say that this is delayed data or it's fake or it's market replay. Plus what's missing down here? That big I'm doing the executions up here. Okay, I'm not using the entry buttons that end up being forced on you if you use market replay and trading view down here. So I just tossed that out there because I know some of you like to take you know myths and fables and run with them and make doctrines out of it that smart money concepts are not real. So I'd like to see it extend a little bit more and I'm going to give you two types of projections here. See how this breaker that we've already seen it react off of. I don't need it to be any higher than it's done in terms of a price run because it's done enough for me to profit technically. But if we look at the bodies of all this price structure here. Okay, what's the highest up close or opening? It's this candle right here. Okay? So, I'm going to just note that and then drag it down to the lowest close or open. That's just right here. Now, when I do that I'm going to go over here and I'm going to show you extensions. Which I did that wrong. I apologize. [laughter] It's old age, folks. I'm blaming it on that. I got a perfect excuse for it now. I'm getting old. All right. So, we have this. This is the the idea. So, you can see we've already hit that target here, which is by by experience I I see these types of measurements here. I've been doing it for so long. But, I'd like to see it reach up in the here, which is one and a half standard deviation. But, notice that between these two here about halfway and then I'll show you that. Right here on the 50 to the 94 even. See how we hit dead center? Perfect. What's that level right there? 15,890 and a quarter. What's the high up here? See it? It's right here. Look up here. That candle's high comes in exactly at 15,890.25. So, that to me is algorithmic. I don't have to have all these levels in here, but I teach you these things so that way gives you the perspective to consider it. Not that you have to have it, but it's a framework in which I look for. And I'll just do this here. I'll sell that there and leave two one in case we get a runner. I'm going to roll this up to here because if it goes down here, I want to be out and then I'm okay with it being stopped out there. I'd like to see it support a higher run off that up close I'm sorry down close candle. It's an order block. See it rip up in there, I'd like to see that. So for fibs, I use it basically for measuring objectives. Symmetrical price runs, specific measurements that like I'm showing you here you with the standard deviations. Again, 51 year old bones creaking. The Let me take these annotations off cuz I want to be able to see the price and they're in the way. I'll leave the arrows on but I'll take the data off. And the reason why I don't have the limit order laying directly on top that level is cuz I'm factoring in the spread. So it gives me three ticks. So if it's going to touch this level here it should offer me and afford me the opportunity for the sell limit order to engage and allow me to exit. There's been many times that I've shown in the course of There you go. The the last two years I've shown how because I'm demanding so much in terms of precision and say this is a blow off move, so I don't want to see any kind of retracement back. So now I'm good. I'm golden and but I've had opportunities where I've shared openly live executions and and they're with real money folks, okay? And when the market doesn't let that limit order get tagged it's annoying. It's annoying admittedly, but that's the you know, that's the give and take that you have to endure if you're demanding precision. So if you're trying to be very precise about things you have to be a little bit flexible in terms of where you're going to take your profits or you know partials, let's put it way. And if you're demanding such a degree of precision that what did I teach you earlier? If it's breaking highs and it's reaching here, so I'll take one off there and I'll add that so you can see it. And now I'll leave the rest, which is really only one contract. You can see there's the fills here, okay? And what I've done there is the same thing I did here. So, it's this high right here. Every time we keep breaking a new higher high that's running down equity, okay? So, I have a new equity high each time it does that. It's foolish not to take something off in the beginning while you're learning because you don't know these levels that I outlined here real time. Okay? This is not after the fact, okay? This is happening real time right now. You're not having the benefit of being able to copycat me. And that's unfortunately what some of you really want me to do. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to let people copy me and present themselves as having 30 years plus of experience when they really don't. They're just pirating. And they can make a lot of money or hurt people pretending to be knowledgeable when they're really just copying whatever I'd be saying at the time, okay? So, uh that's really why I avoid doing all that kind of stuff. I can make lots of money, millions and millions of dollars every single month if I was willing to sit down and do this. But I'd also be making millionaires instantly overnight because they would be running their own little channels on Telegram, Discord, Twitter, whatever they'd be doing, uh basically pirating me. And I've already done that enough. I see so many people creating mentorships and stuff now just rehashing what I've taught out here and now that's up up for free publicly on this YouTube channel. So, there's no necessity There's really no necessity rather uh for anyone to be buying any new new courses and and you know, coursework of any kind of trading cuz it's all been made available to you. All right. So, we'll see what we get here. Um, this down close candle here, I don't want to see price go any lower than half of that. That's why my stop is sitting right there. I'm not I haven't moved it up, but if we roll up above here, then I will put it right below the midpoint of that down close candle. So, in other words, if we get a higher high and it really higher, the stop will roll just below half of this down close candle. And I'll show you what that level is specifically. Get these extensions off. Okay, so it's this level right here. That's where I would roll the stop to if it has a blow off. If it just goes above it and then stops, that's fine. I'm going to keep the stop where it is. But, if we have a big candle up, See, that would be I mean, if I had two contracts on, I would have taken one more off as it went just above that. And if you look back over old data, you'll see that. So, in other words, it's 8 8350. So, 15,883 and 1/2. And we're we don't have that big candle that I was looking for. I want to see that. So, for so far, it just seems like it's reaching, doing the very thing I teach and have taught, running down equity. So, if we're in a trade and it keeps piercing highs that's created in short-term basis, Yeah, like that now. Let me roll that up underneath that. Now, I don't care. I'm not going to move the stop anymore. I want to see what we can get out of it. See if there's any more juice in this lemon. But, uh, if you go back and look at how where the market makes higher highs and runs in a bullish price run, every time it creates a short-term high, and then it runs through that short-term high, you and your inexperience don't know when these reversals are going to occur. So, because of that, you want to be able to have the ability to pay yourself, teach your teach yourself what it feels like to be profitable, to follow a model, and not hold on to the absolute best out come for your trade. There's a lot of foolishness taught from people that pretend to be profitable or knowledgeable, and they'll say, "Taking partials is stupid because you open up the trade with an X amount of risk, and then you're reducing it along the way, and that doesn't make any sense." Well, it makes perfect sense when you're getting paid. Okay? Partials, when you take on partial profit, in history, there's never been a documented episode, not one single one, has them has it ever failed. [laughter] Partial profit is profitable. It's in its name, okay? A partial profit always is 100% profitable. So, in trading, that is that is a uh an absolute. There's no gray area there, okay? And it just drives me nuts when these people are so concerned about having some measure of clout around their name or their association around a specific school of thought about trading or simply being opposed to what I'm teaching. Um the idea of this don't take partials, only hope for your outcome, which you set the trade for in the beginning, that target, that's what you hold for. Yeah. And if you have years and years of experience and you know your model, that's eventually what you'll do. But teaching people to go out there and do that, you're guaranteeing that you're not going to have the wherewithal or the ability to stay with learning this industry because the easiest way for you to succeed is for you to have a positive outcome. I'm going to take this off cuz we already measured it and about to stop there. Okay, and I'm going to take this one off. Actually, let me do the second one here and you'll see that's what I was looking for right there. You see that? Boom. [clears throat] Beautiful. Beautiful. So, I don't care now like I said, if it goes down and runs out the halfway point of this order block, then I'm done. I don't I don't I don't really care. Okay, so um just another day in the life of Inner Circle Trader. That randomness, that random act of precision. You love it. I know you do. I know you do. But uh you listen, see that volume imbalance right here? Look at that reaction off of that. Beautiful. See that? Beautiful. I have to respect that. And get up in that volume imbalance with my stop. Beautiful. So, we have this right there. And I know some of you are like, man, this is crazy. You can see this real time and you you see it before it happens. That's 30 years experience. In the beginning, I didn't have that. It's just uh it's a byproduct of doing the opposite of what everybody else pretends they know. All right, so I just want to update you on the standard deviation. Two and a half and three. So, here's two and a half. Let's see if I can squeeze a thousand out of that. Uh I know I'm going to get burned on that one. But it's hit two and a half standard deviations. Straight run off of the news driver 8:30. I could care less if it's stopping me out. If it runs further, great. But it's reacted off of a very, very deep premium. There you go. Stopped out. So, there you go. That's one for the books. One for the ages, if you will. Perfectly managed, if I do say so myself. But there's a logic behind these markets, folks. And I've made it very, very plain and free. It's on this YouTube channel. There's a lot of things in it. And you're going to get a lot of people coming forward trying to give their interpretation of it. And that goes without saying. I mean, anything. You know, look at Bruce Lee. You know, there's a lot of people out there thinking they know what he taught. And they're just students. Not that that you can't learn from their experience or their perspective or their interpretation. Um but while you're trying to learn, if you don't at least study it from a source, which is namely me. Um smart money concepts is mine. And the books that are written out there, they're just basically parroting what I've already said. The books that are out there right now, you basically are just parroting what I've already said, but in partial. So, when I teach, and I'm very long-winded about the things I'm teaching, and I'm addressing things, I'm talking about what the market's doing. Clearly, you know, this would be very difficult for me to be doing this with five other laptops, which is what some might say. But um try doing this. Try doing this, have a conversation over the chart while it's happening. And uh keep that focus with just one other laptop or one other screen, okay? It doesn't make any sense. Um I can't be a of a divided mind. I can't do that. My attention span is very very short. Um I'm easily distracted and I don't need to do that. I mean the things I I teach work. And you're seeing the the fruits of that in my students. There's lots of them all around the world. I'm so very very proud of them. And I'm going to be proud of you. I'm proud of you for even trying because a lot of people will look at this and say, you know, this is too complicated. Give me an indicator. Give me a buy and sell. Give me an indicator that highlights the fair value gap. And they're out there, okay? But they're not all accurate. There's lots of fair value gaps that those indicators will highlight that I would never even consider. But there's YouTubers that will mention them. And many times I'm fading their observations about what my concepts are versus what these indicators that they're following [gasps] Many times, if you see someone that's not really versed in my concepts, if they say this is a fair value gap or if this is an order block, because I'm the author of it. When I see these live streamers, and I do listen to them, not because I want to learn what they're doing because what they're doing is nonsense, okay? That's just guessing. You don't know what fair value gap is going to be the one. I do. I know what order block. I know you know, what levels I'm looking for. And then when I talk like this, it sounds very condescending and it sounds like I'm trying to be narcissistic when it's not really my aim here. I'm drawing a parallel from trying to learn from someone that is just familiar with the names and the buzz terms that I've adopted and created and coined versus the actual author of it. Okay? And clearly you can see here there's a distinction between talking the buzz language of smart money concepts versus doing it, literally knowing what to do, when to do it, what to expect, why it should do this, why it shouldn't do that. And being able to execute it, not do something off screen and say, "All right, I'm going to take profit here." Where was your entry? Why didn't you do the entry? Where's the logic behind that entry, okay? So, I I just pose that as a reflection that you need to have that in your and understanding while you're pursuing how to learn how how to do this because if you want to learn what it is I'm teaching you and what I'm showing you here, it's already on this channel for free. But it's in a lot of videos spread out because the bandwidth that's required to teach it needs to be a lot. It needs to be a lot to be able to cover why does one order block not work over another? Why do I look at the wicks versus the bodies on certain [clears throat] candles? That's taught. It's spread out over the the whole compendium that's on this YouTube channel. You know, if if you're going to school to be a doctor, if you want to be a surgeon, if you know, a therapist or whatnot, you're not doing one semester of a particular study and call yourself a you know, a doctor. They're not going to let you practice medicine simply because you have less than an associate's degree, okay? It doesn't work that way. So, this is PhD level understanding in price action. And you're not going to get it through a Cracker Jack membership or mentorship that isn't really versed in what it is I'm showing you here. They're looking at things to make a decision. I'm looking at time and price because I know this algorithm's going to perform function around those elements versus some contrived thing that may be overlaid on their price chart. I'm annotating the charts, showing you things that are pertinent to what I know the algorithm will refer to because of experience and authorship. I'm not looking at harmonic patterns. I'm not looking at supposed, you know, um retail theory. There's There's things that are going on behind the chart and outside of charting that you're not going to be aware of. And while it's not important for you to know all of those things, if you understand what it is I've taught here in this video, what I've taught you in this collection of smart money concepts, the logic behind it, it's the long-winded discussions. That's what you're trying to avoid, and that's the reason why you're not learning it. That's why you're not getting skilled in becoming equipped to be able to do this on your own. And the folks that are are thinking that they have caught on to ICT's algorithm and they're changing things. Does it look like they changed anything today? And does it look like Does it look to you like anything has changed? No. Nothing's changed except for the date. The day of the calendar is changed. That's the only thing that's changed. These markets are going to operate on the same basis all the time. They're not going to change it. It's based on liquidity. It's based on time. It's pa- It's pace and magnitude is going to be driven by the characteristics and sentiment that's employed at the very moment you're looking at the chart. And many times it's instigated by the economic calendar. So, 8:30 this morning, we had what? We had employment data. So, you see this run down here. What is it doing? It's going down there to take out sell-side liquidity right there. Engage those, and which floods the market with what? Sell orders. That's beautiful because smart money wants to do what? They want They want to buy it to send it higher. Okay, well, we have this move here. That's a breaker. What did I tell you? The whole range is here, but before I said that, I said, "Watch this this right there." That that close candle right there. Go back and listen to it. It's there. That's the very candle it went down and traded into. The body touched into it plus a little bit more. Why? Because to get that price, which is the close of this candle, right there, to get that price it's got to go below it because there's a there's a spread there. Okay, it's usually about one tick. And then what it do? Everything I outlined and explained to you as it was happening. Okay? So, my encouragement to you today is to don't try to shortcut yourself. Don't try to make it easier cuz you're not making it easier, you're actually making it harder. It's a lot of videos. It's a lot of discussion, but I'm not wasting your time and I certainly am not wasting my own time because my interest was to teach it. My interest was to make sure you understood why certain things are paramount over others. Where you may be looking for just give me the daily bias and I'll make money. Wrong. You you will lose money because you won't know how to time your entry. And if you time your entry a little too early or a little too late, you won't know where to put your stop loss. And if you don't know how to put your stop loss in the appropriate place or manage it properly, you will get stopped out, then chase it and do more damage than your trade would have panned out if you were right on your first entry. So, all these things are a combination of three decades of experience. I didn't learn all this stuff overnight. And some of you honestly believe that you're going to try to learn it overnight. These 5-minute you learn ICT in 5 minutes. You know, I learned all this stuff so you don't need to do it. And that go out here and do this. Okay? If the guys are willing to tell you that they figured it out and they can do it in short order, have them come out here and execute like I'm showing you. I don't care that it's recorded. I could care less that it's recorded because as long as it's not market replay or drawing those little long and short boxes where you're not not even entering trades. That to me is foolishness. Okay, if you have the logic behind an idea that you think the market's going to go higher or lower and the target's going to be hit, then you should be able to get in there and execute and show all these things that I'm having on the chart. What's so hard about this? I mean, it's it's very simple. If you know how to do something, you'll show it. You can see it. There's going to be a record of it that you can do the very things that you're claiming to do. It doesn't have to be my logic. It doesn't have to be, you know, it's my own concepts. It could be anything. And I have a great deal of respect for people that are willing to do that because I know enough that there's nothing else that's going to beat what I do. There's nothing out there that's more precise. There's nothing out there that's going to do better than this. That right there would have been a If I had one more opportunity to take a partial, I would take one as it did that right there. Okay? But I actually I don't have I only have 10 contracts on. But uh the question is this, is is this enough to illustrate prowess and foresight? Is it Is it enough for you? Because if I would have had seen this when I was coming up as a trader in 1992, I would have been bonkers. Like I would have not been able to sleep. I would be in in here every single day spending time with these videos, taking copious notes, going into my charts and seeing if the things I'm teaching you do in fact exist in price. Because when you do that, it doesn't matter what anybody says about my concepts because you'll see that there is absolutely evidence all around every single day. Any given day of the week, [snorts] there's evidence of it working. It pans out and now you have a plethora and a litany of real money-making students. Not market replay, not here promote my stuff and I'll I'll give you a discount. [laughter] There's no discounts here. It's all free. Okay? I don't need your money. And I'm here every single day begging you to come to my YouTube channel. Okay, I don't really care if you watch my videos. But, if you're trying to learn, if you're going to try to learn how to do this, doesn't it make sense to learn it from the person that created it? Because I'm going to give you details that anybody else out there that's trying to learn it, or they have found a way to be periodically profitable, they're not going to know all the facets. They're not going to know the intricate details about what makes a specific fair value gap more prevalent than another one. And the way that's executed and and seen is look at anyone out there that has a supposed fair value gap indicator that plots it and automates these little things on your chart. Look at them real time. Watch them. Are they behaving in a very specific manner? When I'm looking at price, I'm drawing your attention to the very things at that moment. What is pertinent? What is salient to the current narrative that the algorithm's going to run off of? And if you know those types of things, and they repeat, they repeat on a day-by-day basis, every single week, every single day, and it won't stop. That's our slogan here. And it's not to sell you or brainwash you. It's to prove to you that it's what you should be going there looking looking for that. Does it exist every week? Does it exist every single day? Yes. So, by back testing and keeping a really good trading journal of examples of where you seen it in the past and annotating [clears throat] the chart in a manner where it looks like you saw it coming, you're tricking your brain to see it as pseudo experience. And because you keep doing it over and over again by repetition, recognition is the default. You see it by pattern recognition every single day. And because of that constant repetition of looking at it in hindsight, you will, by default, be able to see the same characteristics that are forming real time. But when you associate and place a great deal of making money or fear of losing any money in the process of learning that recognition stage, you will defer understanding. And that is unfortunately what most of traders do, not just with my concepts and my concept, but with everything. They're so in a rush to make money because they have to prove to themselves and their spouse, their girlfriend, their mother, their co-workers, whoever it is that doubted them because they were foolish enough to tell them what they were going to do. There's doers and there's talkers. And in my student base, I don't want talkers. I want doers. And look around, there's a lot more doers using smart money concepts, getting paid out, having profitability, proving it, having no problem showing you recorded executions where they're getting in the trades. I'm so proud to be the leader, the spearhead of that, because for a long time this industry has been full of fakes, frauds, and con men that only want to use things like market replay reports and saying that's profitability. That's not. That is not profitability. That's not even real time. I'm not I'm not saying or discouraging its place in learning, but falsely claiming that that's profitable students or falsely claiming that that's proof that you can make money, that's not the equivalent. So, we're going into a new year, folks. It's a very exciting year, too. And it's important that you have this understanding as a student, whether you stay with what it is I teach or if you go with something else, um hold the person or instructor to a high degree of responsibility. Because if they know how to do something or claim to know how to do something, they'll show you in great detail why it should do whatever it is they expect it to do. And there should be a record of it. Not just once in a while. It needs to be consistently able to be performed. And to me, you know, that's the minimum. That's the minimum expectation that you should have as a student. So, I wanted to show you there was two types of Fibonacci extensions. I was going to show you um the one here, which is what I start with all the time. If I look at a price swing that I'm looking at as a move where this was a Judas swing. Clearly, I can tell you that now because we were trading with that idea that this was a face a fake move. We went long. And I'm using the bodies. So, the highest up close or highest opening price in all of the price run here. So, that's this up close candle right there. Down to this low here. And the lowest close or open is that one right there. That's what that Fibonacci's anchored on. Now, that's the one I like to look at most because the volume is predominantly shown by the bodies. The wicks are where the damage is done. So, but for an extreme measurement, this is how you would do your your Fibonacci in that case. So, these are all like really, really best best case scenarios for blow off type moves. But still, you can see nonetheless it went to standard deviation -1, -1 and 1/2. Look at the bodies respecting that. Can you see that? Look at the Look at them. Look at the bodies. What it's keying off of the standard deviation between this price run here. The algorithm's referring to these two price elements. It's not it's not Oh, it's an algorithm that uses Fibonacci. No, it's a correlation and a culmination of several factors coming together. So, I know what price swing to anchor to for running these Fibs on. You don't know that yet. You will over time. I teach it in the core content lessons on my mentorship videos that's on this YouTube channel. Do not pay people for ICT private mentorship. You are a fool if you're doing that now because it's on this YouTube channel for free. They're lying to you and saying that I'm teaching you 90-minute cycles. I never mentioned anything in terms of instruction about a 90-minute cycle. I mentioned it in passing, but I did not teach it. I did not teach my logo is going to teach you a secret sequence. These people are fake and they're frauds, okay? Stop paying for anything that's ICT related. You're an idiot if you do that. You really are. I've I've canceled any attempt for uh you know, a sound sound [laughter] thinking sober mindset individual you know, for for the sake of going out there getting scammed, buying something that's for free. Like to me it makes no sense. It's an IQ test now. If you're paying other people for my ICT mentorship, you are a fool because it's literally on this YouTube channel. And if you're listening people say they condensed it and they've made it into a very small short-term uh course that you can learn real quick to be profitable, they're lying to you. I promise you they're lying to you. So, I'm going to leave that with you today and this is the last target here. I mentioned that um by contrast the bodies versus the uh the wicks. Um there's a rule-based idea that, you know, I taught throughout the core content and other lessons and other videos, but when I first started this, it was a social media experience. An experiment for me personally. I was trying to create a test tube environment where I wanted to see the very things that I taught in the order that I taught them was how I came up as Inner Circle Trader. The things that I started with, the things that I employed initially, and I wanted to see if I could create like a Frankenstein, you know, could I re- could I reproduce me? And I haven't been able to do that. Now, I don't look at that as a failure on my part, and I don't look at that as a failure on your part as a student. It's just that was the intriguing part for me. Like I want to see, does it happen? And because it didn't happen, I know that I was gifted with this. Now, I already know personally, if you were going to be honest and and and have a conversation with me, and we were allowed to talk about things spiritually, which I'm going to forego that here, but um I believe that it was entrusted in me to have it because you know, I haven't abused it. [sighs and gasps] In someone else's hands, you can imagine how this would be. [laughter] It would be uh uh prostituted pretty pretty badly. And you can see, because I've given it away, people are still prostituting it. You can claim it's Wyckoff, claim it's, you know, another form of support and resistance, or it's retail logic renamed. And there's a $5 million bounty for anyone that can go out there and prove that this stuff existed in print, in video, or anywhere else prior to 1996. I just put that out there again, because I want you to know that that nobody has came forward with that. Just just calling it supply and demand. But supply and demand is not anything that's being shown here. Supply and demand is a myth, unless you're talking about commodities, because that's a real market. People need to buy and sell those things. It's a world's grocery store. But anything else, no. It's an illusion, and it's all fake. [snorts] It's it's things that you don't really need to buy. But who needs to really buy Nasdaq? Nobody. Nobody really needs to do that. Nobody really needs to buy um a cryptocurrency. No one needs to buy um a share of stock. But we think gold um cattle futures um corn all those things are real markets and they do have supply and demand factors that are associated with it. But everything else apart from that commodity market, there's really no supply and demand factor. It's all fake. It's an illusion. And it's being manipulated and controlled at all times. And when you refer to your currencies, they're highly manipulated because it's the stability of a country, you're going to let the collective mindset of speculators control the outcome or the solvency of a nation's currency? Because it's in the market, it's supposed to be a free market. [laughter] Oh man, I got a bridge in a Las Vegas that I'm going to sell you. So there's our last swing objective right there. So I I waited around so that we can see it hit. So it matters not which one you're going to use. Um if you're going to do uh two standard deviations of this price run here using the wicks or if you're using the bodies, which is pretty now what I was using throughout the the course of this trade. But you can see the framework the the logic, the things I'm reaching for go back and look at your notes. Look at the things I've talked about here. You'll see I had already taught this. But because it's complicated, it absolutely is complicated because it takes a great deal of understanding about what this market is doing, not just give me an entry pattern, tell me where to put a stop loss, and give me a daily bias, and I'm going to be profitable. No, you won't. You'll find winning trades, but you won't be you know long-term consistently profitable because you're going to ignore the things I talk most about. The things that are boring to you right now, they are the very things that's preventing you from being profitable. And they're the very things that's going to maintain your profitability on a long-term basis. When you understand what it is I'm teaching you, and you adhere to it, and you apply it to your own mindset and your own trading. And I'm I sincerely mean that. I know it sounds like, well, you know, watch my videos so I can get ad revenue. I don't care. Download my videos and don't come back to the YouTube channel. I don't care about that. I don't care about that. I want you to understand it properly. But the point is the flavor of the month has always been, you know, I talk more than what's necessary. Okay, if that's true, you sat through the long-winded video. You listened to it, right? So, that means you really should know how to do it. Show us. Oh, but they can't. [laughter] So, with that, my friends, I'm going to wish you a very, very pleasant holiday season. I'm going to get back to having mine. And until I talk to you next time. Be safe.
