================================================================================
PLAYLIST: ICT Trade Executions
VIDEO: NQ Trading Seek & Destroy Profile Jackson Hole Symposium Day 1
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUcRywSry5U
================================================================================

All right, I'm looking for 29443 even to be blown out. We're entering like the middle of the macro 950 1010. So, if I can get underneath there, I'll try to get a long one. The candle before one more in right now if it stays as it is here. Just a little bit more, just a little bit more. Needs to go down there again. I can't I can't take it with that. One just a little bit more. Right in the middle of macro. The candle previous to this one should be coming inversion fair value gap. Come on. There you go. There you go, right in there. Come on, just a little bit more to No. No, no, no, no, listen. I think it's it. I was trying to get down to get to that previous representative fair value gap. Uh I can't hold it any longer. I got to take it there. All right, put the stop underneath the wick. All right, we're going to reach for the high of the morning. About one tick underneath that. And again, obviously, no market replay here. No volume profile required either. How about that? All right, so I'm looking for the wick. The premium wick that's just above me. I'm watching price action. But I don't want to draw anything yet cuz we're close to that low still. I don't want to see it uh rip underneath that low again. That's good. That is good. Now, I don't want to see half of this candle to the left hold any kind of uh interest. So, I'm going to copy this down here. I'm showing basically the wick. That's good encouragement. So, if we get a close above that on this candlestick, I'm going to bring the uh risk to positive now, so I'm I get something if I'm knocked out. What I'm trading is the day one Jackson Hole Symposium day one. Uh this is seek and destroy model. So, I think they're going to take that that buy side. It was created to intraday high. And there's another high, which I'll show you in a couple minutes. I'm just watching to see if we can get this sibi right here. Right there, volume imbalance. Let me see. Close. First to open is the same price, so there's no volume imbalance there. And then we'll drag this over here. So, I want to see it now stay either in the upper half and ideally just use the high of it for discount sensitivity. No one's treated like a trampoline, basically. I kind of want to add here, but I don't I'm going to wait for a little bit more follow through on the upside. Like to have the position have a little bit of I'm watching this uh individual candlestick I needed to close outside and above like that. Like just let me get a close above that high of that inversion fair value gap. And that'll There you go. All right. So I could break the stop out there just at the low. And right inside that imbalance imbalance right there. You see that? And I have the low of this inversion fair value gap and the consequent courshment consequent courshment level all three levels being like my three PD arrays that supports the trade. All right, there's another sibi that I want to see behave as a inversion fair value gap. Entering it now. Stay above Stay above it. Wick's consequent courshment. Go a little bit above it. Come on, close above it. These are very tricky types of days. Seek and destroy. I don't try to make a practice of trading them, but I had a goober to tell me I'm hiding from the day. >> [laughter] >> Oh, wait till you see what I'm going to do. All right. So let me map it out here for you. So I am Just a little bit bigger. It's too small. All right. So I'm trading Jackson Hole Symposium. This is day one of that, and I'm aiming for that high, so. And it's a seek and destroy profile, so I'm looking for this. You guys are blue. Yeah. So, that's my intraday That's the intraday high for today. And it's where buy stops are on shorts. And it's my terminus for now. Um it may evolve into another slightly higher high. Uh but I want to see how it books here. I'm watching that wick cuz consequent encroachment. See? It's a lot of shared wicks in here, so let me show you the other sibi that should be an inversion fair value gap here. I got over there and got uh to consequent encroachment of it now. We want to see There you go. I was going to say we're going to see it kind of get to the other side of it. So, I can bring my stop up now. Just the low of the wick that I measured consequent encroachment on. Uh cuz if it goes below consequent encroachment at this point, um I'm not interested. So, I have several wicks and an order block down close candle supporting my trade, so that's my three PD arrays. Don't want to see it Mohawk. In other words, make a little movement below the inversion fair value gap, we're inside of now. So, preferably it stops right here and goes higher. Ultimately, that that's that's what I'm looking for right here. That's exactly what I'm looking for. I don't want to have to sit through any kind of a period of time inside this little CB. Otherwise, I'm going to have to worry about the upper half of the the wick. If it trades down there, my stop should be still safe. It would take a real run then to get down there. All right, so we're going to fancy dance this a little bit higher, make sure I can get the a better fill. So, I think if it's going to go up here, it's going to take the top of that CB that's highlighted in green. It's shaded green cuz it's a target. Don't think too much about it. I know I like to keep a color scheme, but I I think I'll use a best case scenario taking that high out. And then I'll use a limit order here. So, there you go. I'm I would like to put another long one and build it up a little bit bigger than what we have here. Keep monkeying with this thing, it's going to end up messing up. Every time I try to zoom with it, it's sometimes I lose the price and time axis, and then it's like I'm stuck. And it messes up the recording. I got to break the recording and go into Oh, wait a minute now. Don't you get Don't you get overzealous on the downside here. You have no reason to be doing that here. If we close below that consequent encouragement, I'm going to have to wait for it to dig into the upper half of that wick. Now, we're going to see how good my stop loss placement is now. >> [laughter] >> Cuz it looks like Yep. The upper half of that wick needs to really really come in and and shine. Keep the bodies inside the upper half of that wick. Come on. Look at that. You can't get much closer to that stop loss. Come on now. Give it up for ICT. You know you know. You know. You know it. Stop loss game is best in the business. All right. So, I'm I want this high and this high. I think it's going to pull right up into that. Right up into that high. Right there is the next one, but right now I'm focusing on does price want to show me a willingness to get up there high and then that one. Right there. Right there. Hold up. Bring it up. Come on. Sometimes Sometimes you got to coax it up there, folks. Okay? You got to drag your mouse. See? See? Sometimes it works. Sometimes it works. You got to show it some love once in a while. High right there and that high. All right. The smiley face is cuz I'm going to be speeding this video up and putting it on X to prove that it was all done. There's no way I could be doing all these things in the amount of time that someone would say, "Oh, it was hindsight after the fact." I know some of you are still going to call it hindsight because you couldn't copy me. But that's okay. That's never going to happen. So, I I can live with that. Wait a minute now. Listen. Listen here, Jack. You better stay up there. You better stay up there. Stay in upper half. Keep those bodies in the upper half. Come on. Keep it up there. Stay in the upper half right there. Let me draw it out for you. So, this is the discount array I'm I'm looking at here. It's the upper half of the wick. You don't see that in my cup, by the way, do you? Ask Chris Lori if you ever taught that. So, um look at this uh section here and the bodies if they stay up in there and fail to go below on closing basis, um I should be good. I I don't want to see any lower wicks all out here. >> [sighs] >> So, it's either going to start running for me here or it's going to take my stop. And either way, I'm okay with it. I can't leave I can't lose on it, so. This is only attempt I can have now to pyramid. So, I'm looking at that high right there. I want to see a pull right up into that. Come on. This is This is the the Deadpool technique where I pull price up with my mouse. You got to have exclusive membership rights on platforms to get that. You know, it's it's not it's not free. Come on. Come on. Get up there. And come on. And this one should be a large range candle digging up into it. So, I'm going to put a limit order in there for contracts. So, if it takes out this one, it's definitely going to take out that one. And I'm so already smiling cuz I know it's coming. Like I already know it's there. I just need this candle to be a large range up close candle. If I get that, then it's an it's all that guaranteed then. I know, it's probably taught in Wyckoff and supply and demand and Gann and Larry Williams never talked about that either. No disrespect to the OG. I got to keep these people honest. They talk all kinds of craziness. Come on, you're so close. Go ahead and kiss it. Come on. A little bit more. We're just so close. It's like my stop loss. It gets real real close to it. It says, "Nah." It's like All right, Caleb, watch this, bro. Watch. Here comes. Come on, bro. I just know it's going to be this candle. It looks like it's trying to sell the There it is. Who's your daddy? Yeah. Bring the stop up again. Now Now the stop here is below the inversion fair value, guy, because we've spent a lot of time with the bodies in there and now we got the whole lay of the land right here. Okay, you can see everything. I got to be spreading this thing out because every time I do it, I'm going to change this cuz it's not terminus no more. And so that'll be next partial. I think um Now we have to just wait and see now. The buy side imbalance sell side efficiency where this created. I want to see that down the support price. In the upper half if it trades down here but I prefer it leave partially unfilled. So if it can go down here and be partly unfilled that's actually a a positive. Perfect if it doesn't never goes back down in there but you always got to give an opportunity for institutional order flow entry drill. Which is ideal when it's really really bullish you don't get half of the the the gaps or imbalances filled. You just get a small little poke below it. With being the high of the the measurement before the fair value gap. Come on. This is the part of the trade that seems like it lasts forever when it's seek and destroy. Because it could you know really go down and take the low out the day too because that's what the nature of it is. It goes up and down up and down up and down and then it comes real quick for the other side. So I I tried to wait for the macro. I waited for the the the low to be taken out that was formed intraday and Come on. Get up there. Cuz we got into the macro about halfway through it. 9:50 to 10:10 macro. I don't have a highlight here cuz I don't I'm Come on. Get up there. Seek and destroy are very very attention demanding. Which is why not something I think you should be trying to the trade. Watching it certainly. But uh execute on it it's you're going to have to know some some stuff. Otherwise it's going to be very frustrating for you. And I hope that the rebranded gang >> [laughter] >> and you know who they are. The ones that claim I learned this from somebody else. I I want to see where I learned all this from everybody's mouth today. Come on now. I'm going to get in this. Leave this partly open unfilled. Right there that buy side balance. I'm going to see it stay open. We did institutional order flow entry drill now and I don't want to see anything lower than what we just dug into so we'll leave that open as it is. If it does that it's it's going to go. So it should rip right from here and and bust out the intraday high. Definitely now I'm not I'm not concerned at all about getting stopped out at this moment. Markets don't top like that. Come on. Bring it home. Come on. Bring it home. Let's see. >> Come on, it's stalling here. You dirty dog. And I'm going to change this to five. So, that'll leave me one if it hits to my limit order. I'll get out with the five and have one left. The buy side that's noted there. This looks like it's starting to cork. I know you probably You probably heard about that in Wyckoff, too, right? When the market's ready to pop a top, okay, in other words, the high I have noted here, generally what will happen is it'll make this weird little block of price action. And it's not a bull flag. It's like um it's just like a weird little block. Like it just it looks odd. And it becomes very, very difficult when I was seeing it a lot in the commodity days I was trading in 1990. Raise this stop up here. There you go, right underneath that consequent encroachment. You know, the buy side imbalance, the sell side of efficiency. Um when I was seeing it form, it would scare me out of trades. I was afraid it would be like a kind of like a a harbinger of uh doom. It was going to reverse on me. So, what's happening in here is um the market is finding period of time where it just wants to wait a little bit. Now, ideally, I'd like to see this rush right up here right now. But if it doesn't do it on this candlestick, then it's corking. And imagine a bottle of champagne, okay? And it's New Year's Eve, you you know it's getting ready to you be time to celebrate celebration. Everybody takes their champagne bottles out and they pop the cork. Well, price action's creating that little square or thereabouts. And it's going to pop. And it's going to pop and run real quickly up into my target and hopefully gets to the buy side liquidity. And then it'll be a happy ending. But either way, if it gets my five limit order executed, that's okay cuz I'll I'll I'll raise the stop up and be content with with that. Already, I'm doing the most, okay? Nobody else is going to map out the day like this. I guarantee you that. And you watch and see what everybody else is doing, they're going to have all these other things that they looked at. Maybe they've succeeded in something. But what you're seeing here is the the reality of what it really is doing. Why bullish? Because we failed to get down to that August 4th, 2026 NQ buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency, the volume imbalance high of it. So since it didn't have any means to do that, Come on, man. Run up from here. So, this is a little annotation. It's like a cork, okay? Where it is simply isn't acting like a classic continuation pattern. Like if you want to go through the school of of thought where you bear flags and bull flags, that type of thing. It's not behaving so much like that. It's a sloppy little block of price action and it's right below a low. I'm sorry, below a a high that you're looking for that's simply not willing to move move lower. So, it's being stubborn. So, just like a a cork is popped on a bottle of champagne, that's how I envision what price is you doing here. Problem is it can be a slow bleed out and then the last three or two candles, it finally delivers it. But, it's very very I'm sorry. It's nagging for someone that's brand new and like you just wanted to get to your limit order and just be done. Since I've been trading for a bit of time, I'm used to this pattern here and I know if I just submit to time, it's likely to get up here and at least blow out the high. I'm aiming for five contracts to be sold at. Whether or not it has enough gusto to get up there and clear the buy side, that obviously remains to be seen. Ideally, I'd like to see it pop through and just go a little bit further, go up like to 640. That'd be great. But, try to at least give me the the five contracts and I'll measure anything else that's there. Look how nice that the upper half of that wick behaved and where the bodies were. You don't see that anywhere else, folks. You just You just don't see it. As much as they want to say it's rebranded this and rebranded that, none of the stuff I trade with today. At least my PD arrays are not based on anything with Larry Williams, they're not based on anything Chris Lori, they're not based on anything supply and demand, they're not based on anything Elliot Wave. Wyckoff is nothing in there either. No Hurst cycles, no retail nothing, no volume profile, no footprint. Like none of that stuff is here. None of it. You'll want to grade the the first range of the morning when you're anticipating seeking destroy cuz it's first day of Jackson Hole Symposium. And they just and these people are unelected and they just have a lot of money and they sit around and they plan little things and it's just I never call them elites. They Everybody else calls them the elites, they're not elites, they're just globalists, Luciferians. And they push things into policy with their money. And throughout the the day and session when members come in and out of it, they'll get stopped and they'll be interviewed and then those little talking points make their way on the internet in certain places. I don't care to know what they're saying. I don't care. I just know that it's going to be a lot tomfoolery and price action on these given days and usually if seeking destroy is going to happen, it's going to be on the first day. Not that it can't happen again, but that it's usually on the first day of Jackson Hole. Come on. Come on. Come on. See how slow and just tedious it's just dragging itself up ever ever very slowly. I remember being a younger man and looking at these things and like I I needed them trades to pan out. Like I needed them to pan out cuz I was just a wreck emotionally. >> [laughter] >> Like right now, I would lose my mind. I'd be like, "Man, come on. Come on." And I would either close the trade or take so much off of it it didn't matter how much it moved up to my target then cuz it was usually one contract left and I would never be satisfied when it hit there. So, my experience is telling me I know what this is. This is a fake high. They toss at the little doji in there. It's Steve Nelson's gang. They see that and say, "Oh, well, you know, that's that's bearish because it's it put a doji there." No. No. It's going to run right over top of that. I want to see that candle work right there. Keep blowing out and see me smiling. I know it's there. I know it's going there. Let me put this back where I want it. Come on now. Get some bullish candles in here. All these people leaving comments saying I'm arrogant. Here you go showing. I'm entertaining. I do this to get people all fluffed up. I don't need to say anything. All my videos could be silent and I could just be executing. I'm having fun. That's essential for me. Otherwise, I don't have any interest in doing this stuff. Got to have fun doing it. All right, come on green candles. Let's go. Send it. Send it. Send it. Send it. Send it. It shouldn't go any lower. Come on. Look at me about this. Say you're in a in a long yourself right here. And you're wanting that how to be taken out. Look how this slow and like watching paint dry. See what I mean? Like this gets up there and then clicks back. That's Come on. Come on. I'm a many times where I'd be behind drawdown as a 20-year-old and I'd be in trades like this where I knew once I get this trade to pan out I'll be back in the plus column and the drawdown would be erased. And I'm like, come on, come on, come on. And I had the weight of trying to get the drawdown erased and mitigated. That it would be so hard to be holding on to this and it's like, come on. Ah, there it is. Yeah, how about it? Space Mountain, baby. That's right. >> [laughter] >> All right. Come on now. Come on. Follow through a little bit. Come on. Look at that. I'm off by one candle buying the low. Bring a stop up here. I don't want to get I don't want to get anything back now. So, if it comes down and stops me out now, I'm okay with that. It's only one contract. It is what it is. So, let's see if we can get lucky here and see it squeeze up here and bump that high. Come on. You're so close. Let me take a screenshot of this. Put it here on X. There you go. This is the part that guys that want to use my videos hate cuz now they got to edit. They got to chop this piece out of the video. Something don't look right. Something looks fishy here. Come on. Let's get it. See how it kept that buy-side imbalance sell-side inefficiency open. It just gave an institutional order flow entry drill and left it partly unfilled. There's that was wonderful. That's always indicative of continuation on the upside. Same here. I'm Admittedly, if I could be honest with you, um in my mind, the rest of the day I'm going to be upset that I didn't buy the low candle. I knew I wanted to do it, but I I just second-guessed it because I have so much emphasis on the fact that it's I know it's seeking to destroy, and I can get it wrong on these days, like I can get stopped out, and or it won't hit my target. So, this looks a little toppy in here for me. It could come back down and take out those wicks just underneath my stop loss, so never never never want to pull the stop back. I've secured a payday, so I've worked for this position, and I don't want to do it on a charity basis, so I got to keep the stop where it's at. Never give up a higher payday. Nobody does that in the working classes of working class here. You don't give your boss a freebie. You're either for gainful employment. So yeah, I'm I'm a little perturbed with myself that uh I really like to be in the high and low candles when it forms. It's just a thing that I aim for. I know it's not practical for you to think that that's possible for you right now, but given enough time I've been doing this for 33 years. I uh I know what I'm doing a little bit once in a while, right? I get lucky once in a while. Okay, that doesn't look good. That certainly looks like it wants to come back down on my stop, but I had two when I would took one off. Oh yeah, they're going for a stop. This is going to happen. Sit back and relax and let it happen. Here it is. Oh. Let's take a screenshot of this. Go over to X. Let the boys know what happened today. Watch this, Brian. Hey. Uh uh you talkers. Go. >> There it is. So now everybody's going to look at this and while I'm going to render the video I'm going to grab something to eat before I post it though. Um that's it.
