================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2023 ICT Mentorship
VIDEO: Price Action Chronicles \ February 07, 2023
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALMsQytQ1fg
================================================================================

Sure why I don't see it. Oh, okay. There we go. Sure why I don't see it. Oh, okay. Bear with me, folks. Sure why I don't see it. Bear with me, folks. Sure why I don't see it. All right, folks. Good morning. Everyone should be able to hear me. All right, so today is the first of uh my price action chronicles. So, we're going to start with a review where we are in relationship to where we have been. And then I'll give you my analysis for the 30 and the 9:30 expectations. So, we are going to go into this view here. And I'm showing the raw chart with everything showing like at the bottom down here. So, that we can see what I'm doing because sometimes I'll put a comparison chart when I want you to be able to see what it is I'm doing, how I'm doing it on TradingView. All right, so let's get on with this. So, we have first go to dollar index. All right, for some of you that have been with me for a while now and you have been with me since the beginning of the year for the analysis on dollar index. Now, why am I even referring to that? Because it's a risk on risk off barometer. It tells me if I'm likely to see continued upside going long in the ES or if I'm likely to see continued weakness in ES. And also it kind of contributes to as you'll learn throughout this year when I'm expecting consolidation, choppiness, uh things that might be conflicting in analysis, uh that means that I'm going to be looking for a lot lower degree of uh participation with risk. So, in other words, if I'm not looking for a really clean one-sided run then I'll trade very very small intraday scalps, not try to capture the entire morning session run or the entire daily run or even a large portion of the weekly range. So, I'm using this indicator whether if I'm doing analysis with the Forex market, if I'm doing it with the bond market, if I'm doing it with equities and index futures. Okay, so uh all of my analysis, every bit of my analysis starts with this instrument here. Because it helps me frame the logic of whether I should be a a a trader that's assuming risk. That means buying foreign currencies or buying stock. And if that's the case, then I'm assuming that it's risk on and that would be a lower dollar. We were looking for a lower dollar at the beginning of the year. If you go back and look at the analysis videos that's on my YouTube channel and follow all the commentary on the tweets that I posted on my Twitter account. I know there's a lot of it, but um for those that have been here, this is old hat to you, but I'm counting you not to take my word for it because it's going to look like it's hindsight here, but everything I'm going to talk about here was talked about beforehand. So, it's kind of like a benchmark where we were, where we are now, and where we're likely to go to next. So, it kind of gives you like a full circle perspective on what I'm seeing on it and or expecting. We are looking for lower prices, sell-side liquidity, and that was absolutely tagged. And then I said if we went below that we have an order block and we have a fair value gap in here. If you look at the range and I promise I'll be very, very quick through this because I want to be in front of the charts live at three. So, half of this gap between this candle's high and this candle's low that's a buy-side imbalance sell-side inefficiency with an order block. So, the order block is the down close candle. Why is that an order block? Because it has a fair value gap. Price has moved away from it. So, if it comes back down and retraces back into this candle here, we're going to see some kind of what? Reaction. Does it mean it's the ultimate low and the dollar never sees any lower prices? No, it just means that it's going to be a strong draw on price when price is above it as it was in the beginning of the year here. We have the lower, we use the fair value gap here as resistance. Okay? Drops lower, digs into the sell-side liquidity. Throughout this year, you're going to see that while many folks that come to my work, they're going to say or you'll hear other people say ICT complicates things. I'm not complicating, I'm just giving you a a deep understanding about what it is that's available in terms of trading price action. Throughout this year in live sessions and ongoing teachings, you're going to see that it's absolutely simple. It's very simple. We're only looking for one of two things. Is price going higher? Okay, if it's going higher, is it going to go above an old singular high, a swing high, or relative equal highs? Because above highs is going to be buy side liquidity. Or is it going to go lower? If it's going to go lower, is it going to go down below a single singular or below relative equal lows? So, multiple lows or a singular low. Below those lows is sell side liquidity. Now, if I'm bullish and we have a imbalance, what's an imbalance? Something like this. And like that. And I'm bearish, like I was in the beginning on dollar, it's going to draw to those levels. So, I had two points of interest where I had the sell side here. I said, "Once we go below that, it could dig into this imbalance in this order block." Go back and watch the videos. It's in January's commentaries. Can't edit it. Can't change it. What I want to take your attention to is the fact that we went right down to the middle point of that gap, which is consequent encouragement. Whenever there's an imbalance, whether it be buy side imbalance, sell side inefficiency, which is what this is here, it is a fair value gap by a category. Within that category is classified as a buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency or Bisi, B I S I. You'll see that used a lot in my charts. A lot of my students have their charts annotated like that as well. There's three levels. Okay, this is what I argue all the time when people just casually watch my content or my concepts, they'll say it's supply and demand. It has absolutely nothing to do with supply and demand. It's three specific price levels that I'm I'm looking for. The actual high, which is going to be framed by this candle's low. So, this this gap or fair value gap is framed with this specific price level, the middle, which is consequent encroachment, and then the low. The low is the less likely price objective. So, the two most primary levels when when you're above it trading down into it, it's going to be the high of that gap and as much as the midpoint. Look at the reaction there. You see that right there? That's undeniable, okay? Also notice that I was framing shorts on S&P last week because we had traded down into this imbalance. I apologize. I got this new headset I'm using. It's sliding all around on my head. The uh the reaction here on dollar this rally up into this imbalance here and we don't know yet because really we haven't really opened up and moved around a lot so far tonight and into this morning's trading session. So, I'm not going to have a whole lot of this is what's going to happen at 9:30. I have to wait to see what we do at 9:30. So, and you'll understand where and how I get that logic where you'll be able to do it once we're not doing this anymore next year and you're doing it independently without me. When you're looking at your charts, you'll know what procedures to follow and what not to worry about and what things you need to be focusing on. But, we've traded up into this area here. So, as it stands right now, the market has already posted a risk-off scenario where dollar is going higher. That means foreign currencies are likely to go lower and or has gone lower or equities like stock indices and stocks individually, uh they'll see pre- uh temporary weakness against this rally in the dollar. So, if you get shorting opportunities in like the S&P and your charts are communicating that there's a potential low resistance liquidity run, again, if you don't know what that is, you'll be seeing a lot of that throughout this year. Uh that's what I'm teaching primarily to focus on. There's going to be a lot of gyrations in price action that are going to be uh of no importance to me. And you'll probably see them today and in the future live streams where you'll question, "Why didn't you take that trade?" It's not my setup. That's not the one I'm interested in. You might see it. So, don't look at whatever I caught whatever I call, talk, or outline in price action. Don't let it discourage you from following a model you may have already adopted that's helping you in in finding setups. I'm not here to try to twist anyone's arm. I'm here to simply communicating to the folks that are new, this is how you go in and you start learning how to read the tape before you even press a demo account, before you even do any of that stuff. These are the things you're supposed to be doing. And it's going to seem boring, especially for seasoned traders that are already profitable, it's not going to be as exciting or helpful to you. But, as we go further into this year, you'll see there's going to be a whole lot more engagement, but in the beginning, there has to be a foundation. So, the market has already traded up for the dollar into this area here. I like the idea of it trading up into the midpoint of this up close candle, which is a bearish order block. The midpoint of a order block, which has nothing to do with the depth of market or level two data. Half of that candle is mean threshold. So, half of a gap, like down here, is consequent encroachment. Half of a order block, whether it be the last up close candle prior to a displacement lower with a fair value gap, that's what makes this a bearish order block, not simply because it's the last up close candle before a down move. There has to be signatures and alignment that I agree. And the midpoint of that candle is mean threshold. That means it's likely to draw up to this candle and as much as the midpoint. Now, what I'm interested in seeing is do we trade through the mean threshold? Because if we do, I've had this annotated here. And while it was a volume imbalance initially here, here, filled it here. So now, what's above these relative equal highs? Buy side liquidity. So buy side liquidity with a small little gap right there between this candle's high and that candle's low. So there's a there's a potential draw for dollar to get up to here. I'm not stating unequivocally that it's going to go there. I'm watching to see throughout this week, do we see signs that it wants to continuously press up into this area? If it does, that means we have potential, not a guarantee, potential for lower prices in forex, stocks, and stock averages. So that's where my focus is today. I want to see do we get more indications that that's probable or are we going to hit this fair value gap complete closure here? And let me draw this out so you can see. So we have just a little bit left in there. And I want to watch and see do we get a reaction and start to sell off a little bit. And if we do sell off, how far can it go? Uh we have a breaker here. We have a low, high, lower low. So that up close candle in here, it can trade down as far as that, which would be around the 10230 to 10250 fiveish. Those two specific price levels. So, that's what I'm looking for for dollar and the relationships between what levels and why I expect to see either one potentially drawn to. I I don't have a right now this is what it's going to do. We haven't seen a whole lot of movement overnight. We don't really have any heavy news. We have a 8:30 some kind of uh weak report in in terms of in my opinion, uh but we could get a little bit of movement in about 11 minutes. Real quickly I wanted to just touch on Euro. All right, so Euro I mentioned also beginning of the year that we were going to draw up into these relative equal highs for the buy side and if it gets above that we could trade up in this fair value gap. Again, go go back and watch the videos. The bodies respected perfectly. Look at that. The close and the open on this candle and after running up into that SIBI. It's a fair value gap by classification, but specifically it's a sell side imbalance buy side inefficiency. Meaning that it only delivered price on the downside. So, how does the market algorithmically rebalance and reprice this range? It has to do what? Deliver it on the upside. So, it trades up into it, offers that buy side that was inefficient over here. And then we have the market displace lower. So, we took out a short-term swing low here. I like the idea of that. Uh we traded down into a buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency here. So, this is a fair value gap, too. This the singular candle. And we could dig down a little bit further just like we mentioned on the dollar. It has a little bit more upside to fill in its gap. Doesn't mean much in terms of opportunity. It just means that's where my focus is. Just because we're sitting in front of the charts and we have time to be in front of the charts and the markets are trading doesn't mean, "Oh, I got time. The charts are printing candlesticks, so therefore let's take a trade. That's gambling. So, there has to be something for me to to lean on logically to frame a condition that would be hopefully high probability. I only want to encourage you to focus on those types of opportunities. There's plenty There's a plethora of opportunities intraday that are not really good risk well, framed with real good risk reward models. Not that I'm a big fan of risk to reward because I think it's a fallacy. Uh you don't know if your trade's going to pan out that much, and you don't know if your stop loss is going to get hit. So, no one knows that. So, you might look to trade with a specific risk model, 5:1, 10:1, 3:1, but going into this industry thinking that you're always going to get what you're setting your trade up for is a fallacy. You have no control once you enter the marketplace. So, I'm going to be teaching you hopefully to ferret out these opportunities where price action can deliver with the highest degree of probability reaching from one level to the next. Notice I didn't say I'm going to put you in winning trades. That's a That's a stark contrast to what I'm trying to do here. I'm trying to teach you how to read price. If you're here to try to like, you know, keep score or something like that, that's not what this is. I have other live streams that I'll do things that I'll I'll I'll showcase stuff. Here, it's lectures, teaching, getting down to the brass tacks of what you're supposed to be doing before you even press a demo account using the things I'm teaching on my channel. Okay? So, that way hopefully I've communicated that clearly. It's not meant for you to follow along and press a live trade. Don't try to trade your funded account with the things I'm going to say today and any future live stream, okay? It's very important that you understand that. Today also marks the day where I'm not re- I'm not replying or hearting or liking any post on Twitter. It is now just a medium for me to alert you if there's something that's got my attention and I'm not live streaming. I'm going to bring something to your attention there. I don't care to know what your responses are. I don't care if you like it. I don't care if you don't like it. Don't communicate to me through it cuz I'm not reading any of it. My attention is dialed in them on the markets for now and between now and the second Friday of November, it's all work, no play. Cable real quick, we'll just take a quick look at this one. This one was unable to make a higher high. Before I transition to cable, look at the higher highs being posted here up into its fair value gap for euro over here. And then then look at cable, weak, really really weak. So, we had this imbalance here. I wanted to see it run above, take buy side. It failed to do so. It looks likely that we'll get down into this sell side here. If we accelerate through this, be mindful that we have this area over here, which since cable's already posted weakness comparatively to the euro. Um if one were to consider if we see acceleration on the upside for dollar, again, that's risk off. Higher dollar is lower prices for foreign currencies and lower likely lower for stock indices, equities, and index futures. So, if we take out this low, it could if dollar accelerates to the upside, we could see cable draw down into this imbalance here. All right, so that's about it for forex. Let's go on over to ES. Give me a second here. All right, so we have the upper left-hand corner chart. That is the hourly chart. The lower left-hand corner is the 15-minute time frame. And the 1-minute chart, which will change throughout this the live sessions. I'll toggle this particular chart from 5-minute, 4-minute, 3-minute, 2-minute, 1. Okay? And I'm pretty much mimicking what I have static in front of me when you watch the little stinger video I put up on my Twitter this morning. You've probably already seen it. It's my trading real estate. I have eight monitors in front of me. And one of the screens itself has a 1-minute, 2-minute, 3-minute, 4-minute for Nasdaq and the ES. Since I'm using those two markets primarily if I'm trading index futures. I don't trade the Dow, even though you will see the Dow flash you know, when it's necessary to be mentioning it. I don't trade the Dow. I'm not just trying to discourage you from trading if you've been successful with it. If you like that medium, by all means stick to it. Don't let me or anyone else take you out of what you're trying to do or wanting to do. Okay? All I'm trying to do is inspire you to read price from a classical point of view without indicators. Completely naked. Nothing in here, you know, like this little red line down here. That's not an indicator. All that is is the Nasdaq. It's the price on Let me get this here. It's a line chart. And the way you get that how you get that means just take it off and I'll let you see how you how we do it. Give it a couple minutes still take 30. You go up to your little plus symbol here on TradingView. You click on that. Be mindful that you're looking at a uh chart that you're not going to load back up. In other words, I'm plotting S&P. So ES is the chart, so I want to compare it to Nasdaq. So you would do the same thing here. You would type in the front month code for the index that you want to compare to. You can do this with with the Dow too. Like if you wanted to put the Dow up, you put YMH for the month code for November I'm sorry, for March. November would be 2023. Okay? And if I did that, it's plotting it over top. You don't want that. So you untoggle it and click on new pane. And it'll plot it down here. Now if you want to add the Nasdaq in addition to, you put NQH2023. Now when in March contract expires, you would change the H to M for the delivery month of June. Okay? And then you plot that. And then again, it's plotting over top and you don't want to do that. You want to go to new pane. All right. And then what you would do is if you want to compare it like if you're looking for uh market breadth to continue working lower, you would be comparing the highs. So you would click on the toggle box here. On your price source, you would go to high. Okay? And then here for the Nasdaq, same thing. You would go to high. And what that's doing is it's plotting I don't like the light blue color. It's plotting the relationship of all of the highs. So you can comparatively study the difference in relationships between all the price highs that of ES, that's the trading market. I'm trading that market, but I'm looking at the relationships between how the market has priced in specific highs and lows relative to the Dow, which is the only real use for me as a trader. I don't trade the Dow. And then you have the Nasdaq. So, I'm looking at the relationships between highs in one pair Oh, not one pair, but in one market versus the other. And what do I mean by What's the What's the benefit of doing something like this? If you look at the relationship of these highs here on Nasdaq with that of Dow. And then the E-mini S&P. So, you can see that the S&P looked stronger here, and it was relatively speaking. But, it was just running up into take stops. And how do you know it's a stop run? When you start seeing weakness across the averages like this. And this is simply just Dow theory. And I like to look at that to confirm market breadth. Does the market offer the likelihood of continued price move higher or lower? Okay? And about 25 seconds or so, we have a some news coming in. It's not terribly exciting in my opinion, but you know, we'll watch and see. But, that's how you add those things I They're not indicators. It's not an oscillator. It's nothing You know, I don't use indicators. Okay? But, I'm looking at the relationships between the averages, and that'll help me many times ferret out an idea. Or at least that's the plan, right? Uh you might be looking at these levels over here asking what they are. That is the new week opening gap high and low. Uh let me maximize this real quick. On Sunday's opening as soon as the market opens, the only thing I do anymore I used to trade Sundays, but I don't trade them anymore. Uh the only thing I'm interested in doing on Sunday is seeing where we open. So, So, the opening price on Sunday. And you want to do that. Oh, I'm not sure you guys can still hear me or not. Sounded like this headset just powered down. It's a brand new one, so I don't know. I don't know if it's picking up the audio. Give me a second here. Yeah, you should be still hearing me. So, we'll stick with it. Okay. And on a 15-minute time frame the opening price on Sunday, you annotate that. And then you have the closing price on Friday. So, that range is your new week opening gap. So, let me make sure I can hear myself and if I can hear myself, you should be fine. Hold on one second. All right. I apologize if the video audio goes to lower degree of uh volume. But I don't know how to fix this headset I just purchased, so we'll just have to work with this until I can overcome that. We can still be I think I you can still hear me. So, this gap this new week opening gap it has been taught by me multiple times uh throughout the years that this is like a real strong price magnet. The market's going to want to gravitate back to it if we're not trending. Okay? And this is the part where if you're watching and you don't have a notepad or your journaling is not being utilized here, you're wasting your time watching this because these are things that repeat. If the market's going to be consolidating or not in a trending environment, the opening gap on Sunday, if you extend it through all the way through Friday, you're going to see many times price will gravitate back to it. Sometimes it'll go into halfway. Sometimes it'll go completely through it. It'll act as real support and resistance. The The way you expect classic support and resistance to work like you see in the books, these two price levels and the middle of it. What is the middle? You just take your fib, plot on the opening price on Sunday, and you plot to the closing price on Friday. That range is extremely sensitive, especially with the low, the high, and the midpoint. So, the midpoint level would be 4140 and a quarter. And you can draw some distinctions the way you would want to do it. I'm just showing it like this is one way of doing it so that you can differentiate what what it is. You can make them very bold. And I like I keep mine like like a a black color which is in indirectly you know, something's standing out in my chart, whereas usually I'll have like a blue line or a red line for like liquidity pool. Uh this way it's drawing a heavy distinction between what a level might be on a lower time frame. I know that that big heavy thick black line is rooted on something higher time frame and or in this case it's the new week opening gap. You can see how we've already traded up to it here. It bumped it here. Failed to go here, went lower. Worked it here. Just fell short of it there. Tried several times here and failed right here. So, we haven't really probed anything above meaningfully the consequent encroachment which again, consequent encroachment is half of a gap or any inefficiency. Such as this level is here. We haven't worked really anything up in this area here. So, there's a little bit of price action that has not closed in or offered by side here. So, even if we do go lower, take out this low which is in my mind likely this morning. We could go down here, reject and make an attempt to go up here if we get that weakness in the dollar. So, if the dollar does trade lower, that would offer an opportunity for the market that want to trade back up into this new week opening gap which is these specific price levels. Now, think about what I just stated there. I'm not teaching supply and demand. I don't believe in supply and demand. Unless we're talking about commodities which are really directly linked to a real supply and demand factor because it's a real it's a real market. Not to say that you can't make money in this market. It's not a real market. Not in the same sense that a bushel of wheat or gold, that's something real, okay? The value of a stock index is not the same as something that you can eat. You know, this could theoretically go to zero. Highly unlikely, but it theoretically could go to zero. Gold's not going to zero. Wheat's not going to zero. You know, cattle, you know, beef prices, pork, you know, crude oil, it's not going to zero. So, there's a real supply and demand factors with those markets. But, when we look at markets like this, that's in many ways I view them as synthetic. Uh they don't have the same measure of supply and demand. But, it is manipulated and engineered. So, the interest is always constantly manipulated. So, what I do and what I teach my students to do is look for areas in markets where the manipulation is obvious or it's expected. And then, we look for setups that repeat using phenomenon based on markets trading to liquidity, buy-side liquidity, which is above a high or relative equal highs. That can be an entry to a new trade or it could be a closing target for an existing trade. Don't think that it's that you know, that is the only approach for your trade. It's a It's a target only. No, I can use it as an entry, too, as you'll learn this year, as well. I want to focus primarily on what I taught last year, uh that model, the 2022 model. Um but, I can't promise that I won't stray off topic when it doesn't materialize. So, because I'm in front of you live, I I I want to get you thinking about things beyond that model. So, that way for those individuals, not that all of you should be, but for those individuals that are already outgrowing that model, because you've now used it, you're making money with your funded account, maybe live funds, and you're learning, you want to do something more and broaden your horizons in terms of price action. I'll show and do more of that stuff this year. But, also, it's it's beneficial for you to just simply because I might not trade a specific price swing doesn't mean that I can't see it or you may not steer away from it. It may be the very pattern that you're going to focus in on. So, I'm trying to be the mentor that allows you to bring your own I'm going to maximize this now. So, all of this is going to disappear. And it's it's not important it stays up. I just want to make sure I showed you how to do the compare. All right. So, now think about what has happened here. We have a 5-minute chart. Now, we have liquidity down here. Let me get this out of the way. Sorry. So, at this low and just below it, I teach my students we aim for that. I don't look at that as it's going to go down here and bounce. I I don't ever look at it like that. I look at price like who went long here? I don't I don't know. You don't know. We don't care. Somebody went long. The market went higher. So, below that low, classical technical analysis going to do what? Preach that you have to put your stop loss right at that low or just below it, right? So, what kind of stop's going to be there? A sell stop. Which is why I teach that that is sell side liquidity. Price rallies up. It breaks down. What just happened right here? Right below this low, it shifts market where? Bullish or bearish? Bearish. So, what we do is we look inside this price leg here. And we look for any inefficiency. So, once this leg here has been broken on that candle, that one right there, that's where you enter with the expectation of finding the setup that I taught in the 2022 model. This is exactly what you would expect to see. Now, why is that? Because you're seeing, number one, buy-side taken. See these relative equal highs over here? Above this area, anywhere in your price, anywhere in your chart, I don't care what market you trade, it doesn't matter. It's This is like a constant thing that repeats over and over and over again. Watch this volume imbalance in here, by the way. Cuz it could see that and drop down in below there. But, buy-side liquidity here, above old highs, when the market's dropping, like it does here, if anyone went short there, where would they place their stop? Theoretically, to protect themselves. The books teach us what? Put your stop loss at the high or just above it. So, the market drops down, rallies from here, and all of this area here, that's absorbing and engaging all the buy-side liquidity or buy stops that will be resting above these relative equal highs. So, that's That's what's occurring here. So, what I teach my students and how I internalize price, when I see that, I'm expecting price to do what? Show a willingness to want to go lower. Cuz it went up here for real orders. I don't need level two, you don't need level two, you don't need depth of market to see that. It's It's it's plain. Wherever there are smooth edges, like these relative equal highs like this, the market It's uncanny how it will go up there and make those smooth edges jagged. So, it's all nice and smooth here like a like a perfect ceiling, right? And then all of a sudden you see this smash running up, spend some time up here, and then breaks lower. This moment right here when it takes out these lows on that candle, that is the market model that I gave you for 2022. Doesn't mean you get in, it means now you look at this price leg here. Go back through this price leg because this is the displacement price leg. This low has been taken out right there. So, inside this entire run lower, you want to look at where there is an inefficiency or fair value gap. That fair value gap is your entry point. You just don't chase it just because it went down below here. Many times I see a lot of YouTubers, they're breakout traders. You know, they might make money, but I promise if you spend a little bit of time on what I'm going to teach you this year, you will enter shorts when the market's going up, and it seems scary. It seems like I don't want to do that, that's terrifying. How do you know? Well, number one, you know because you practice it. You do it over and over and over again. And by doing it over and over and over again, it desensitizes you too because in the beginning you want to be correct. That's that's really You didn't get into this business to be right because if you wanted to be right, you would play board games and play chess, okay? Those types of things. I I mean, I was right about these moves and these outcomes and that that was the reward for it. In the markets, you want to be profitable and control and manage risk. You don't want to do anything but that. That's the number one factor for why you're doing something. But in the beginning, that that lure into the marketplace, why you're doing it, changes and morphs into I want to be right. I don't want to be wrong. Because ego, pride, um just I guess the inability to embrace uncertainty creates fear. And somehow we as humans encapsulate that one transaction, that one idea, that in many ways is insignificant. One trade is insignificant. But in the beginning, you make that singular trade or a singular trade paramount. Like it's the only thing that defines you as a profitable trader. And that is unfortunately something that is normal. It happens to everyone. I went through it. Everyone else that's still trading, you know, profitably, no matter how long they've been doing it, they can sit there and they're nodding their head right now listening to me. Like, yeah, it's it's that's happens. Everybody goes through that. The problem is you want it to be black and white, perfect. You know when it only works and you know when it doesn't work. So therefore, you're thinking that there's a way for me and you and everyone else out there to never take the losing trade. And that doesn't exist. That does not exist. So you have to look at the probabilities of something repeating that we can look back in time and say, okay, it usually does this, it usually does that, and therefore I've seen 100 sample sizes of this particular thing happening under these uh circumstances, you know, the things that lead up to it. And what does that mean? Well, as I mentioned, we had relative equal highs, the market runs up in here. We don't do anything. We're waiting. Then the market drops. It does so here. Do we do anything with it? No. The market rallies again. What does it do? It runs above the rejection block in here. It's in my YouTube channel. And then there's a displacement lower. So this willingness to break sharply below a swing low after after taking buy side. This is how you frame higher probability. High probability for a short means some measure of buy side has been taken. We see that here. Then you wait for what? Displacement. That means in plain terms, you want to see the market drop sharply lower and take out a specific low. Here's a short-term low. It trades through here. Once we have that then we can go back through all this price like here and look for inefficiencies. That means a specific fair value gap. Now, once you have that price leg identified, you want to go through all your time frames. 5 4 3 2 1. Right now I'm showing you on a 5-minute chart. So we have this price leg from high to low. High to low. This is the low that was shown as a break in market structure and I break I'm sorry I didn't say it that way. A shift in market structure. So anything at this level or higher we want to look at that as a potential what? Fair value gap. Now, this is the part that being mentored versus just watching one of my videos or listening to someone else try to take a a series of lectures or a video of mine that may be an hour or so long and they try to condense it to a 5-minute trader. Learn stuff in 5 minutes. You're never going to learn what I'm about to show you in those 5-minute trainer versions, okay? I understand everybody wants to get clicks on their videos and such, but if you want to learn, you got There's a way of doing it correctly and there's a way of just looking at CliffNotes. It didn't work for you in school when you just studied the CliffNotes and you didn't get a good high score. You have to read the book, right? Okay, so here's what it is. Inside this run from the midpoint of this leg higher and lower, okay? That's the That's the price leg that we're looking at. Why this price leg? Because it took out this short-term low on that candle. It's a shift in market structure bearish lower prices are expected. We do not look at any rally up as a sustainable run. Why? Because stops have already been taken above this high here. Then there's a shift in market structure below that low. That means that any rally prior I'm sorry, not prior, but after, you know, establishing the midpoint here, once it goes above that, in my mind, I'm thinking we're only going up to go down. So, algorithmically, the market will pre print and produce a premium market. A premium market is where you want to sell your long positions and as partials or enter your short positions. When the market's rallying, that's where you want to short. You don't want to sell in down candles. That's chasing price. When you see me doing my partials, well, not my partial, when I'm pyramiding into a position, I'm I'm selling short in the up candle. And then I'm adding more as the candles are going up into that move. I'm not fearful of that. When I first started, I was absolutely afraid of that. I was scared. I was afraid what I was buying was a rocket. And I didn't want to get stung. I didn't get I didn't want to get hurt. More specifically, I didn't want to be wrong. I didn't care about the money. I didn't want to be wrong. I wanted to be right. And being right is not essential to profitability. It sounds like it's a it's an impossibility cuz you can be you can be right and lose money. You can be wrong and make money. So, you have to do many times what seems like is the most proper way of doing it, most uh intuitive thing is most most time not the correct thing to do in trading. When the market's been going down, everybody thinks what? Well, it's it's it's going down, so let me get short. They chase it. And I was a victim of that when I first started. So, that's the reason why I teach the PD array matrix so that way you can frame a price leg, as we're doing here, the high to that low. Why am I specifically aiming for this price leg? Why am I only looking at this one and why am I looking at this one? Because this one here didn't do any kind of a short-term price run where it created a swing low, like this one does here. It rallies up, and then it overlaps that entire run and breaks it there, on that candle. Once that occurs, as soon as that happens, I'm waiting for price to make a turn and start going back up. Well, what happens here? ICT didn't go above the equilibrium price right here. No. Cuz this level isn't the equilibrium until this low. So, if we're looking at this here, did that Did that trade meaningfully above the 50% level? No. And even if it poked its head above that, did it trade to a fair value gap that would be inside that price leg from here to here? No. So, look closer. You have this price run down. We're waiting for price to go back above equilibrium, which is the 50% level on your fib. It's there's no mystery to it, okay? This is This is the only benefit of having a Fibonacci in my mind. That and how I use it for targeting. And I'll show you that stuff. And you probably already seen many times me doing it in my live executions and managing the position, trailing the stop, looking for targets to be hit and such. But this run above equilibrium within this price leg here, that sets the stage. Okay, now we are in a premium market, meaning this range is premium. It's In other words, overbought. I don't need an indicator. You don't need an indicator to derive that. From this point here to here, this is discount. As soon as we leave, and again, this is again not in the folks that try to teach my stuff, they don't know what they're doing, and I'm asking you, please, stop trying to teach my stuff because you don't know what you're doing. You're not covering things that are most salient, and you're oblivious to the things that are necessary for certain things to be really in the marketplace. This discount. Okay? In the red shaded area, above this level here, that's a premium. Above it or at that level, they're your ideal shorts. As soon as you cross the midpoint of the discount level here. Once we get through that, All right, did that by eyeball. That was pretty good, wasn't it? Once you get through that there, the highest form of profitable shorts, the highest probability short entries, they have now been exhausted. The only thing you want to be focusing on now is taking partials and trailing your stop. Yes, that's a diamond. You just simply can't just take every single trade and enter and enter and enter and enter. When do I stop taking partials or pyramiding? Something like this. Now, I'll build pyramiding entries all in this until we get through here, and then I stop taking pyramid entries. Go back and look at my examples and you'll see that's the truth. So, when I wanted to learn how to pyramid and build my positions large, I learned it incorrectly from Ken Roberts' rag of a book, you know, the world's most powerful money manual on course. It's a long title for something that was useless like toilet paper, but I guess toilet paper is useful, but used toilet paper, let's put it that way. The uh the idea of looking for the best entry points, the highest probability, and how the market will respect those levels more so than others. See, we once we leave the midpoint of that discount range of this price run here to here, and we're in the lower portion of it, we're entering that expansion phase. That expansion phase is likely to not offer very many, if at all, new high probability pyramid entries to to add to a position. So, there's a threshold at which I will no longer add to new existing positions. But, while I'm in that premium area, within that price leg, within the market structure that I'm looking for, as I just outlined here, and again, you're going to want to watch this portion of the the video several times. It gives you the highest degree of probability for delivery from your entry to your targets. And you don't want to chase the move and build in more position once it breaks through the threshold I just outlined here. Because to do so, number one, you're going to be worrying about trying to put on another position versus taking off some as it moves in your favor. It's crucial in the beginning for you to do those types of things. Now, for someone that's seasoned, they've been around for a long time, you know what you're doing, you know how to profit, you know how to look targets, your targets are not unrealistic, and you can go to full terminus. That means your full target. Where you aimed for when you first got on the trade. In the beginning, and this is who I'm talking to right now when I'm doing these live streams and I'm talking to you, the students that are here listening, I'm not talking to the guy that's been doing it for 5 years and he's funded and he's got, you know, profitability. You can glean what you want to glean from what I'm teaching. But, it's the folks that are brand new, they have no idea where to go, they have no idea what to do with this information, how to use it, how to frame the logic, what rules do you follow, what do I do what do I don't do, that's what I'm trying to accomplish with these lectures and obviously with the live streams. So, once the market starts to draw back up into this premium area, we have to go through our time frames and look for fair value gap. So, right away we have this low to high. Let's go back in with the fib. So, we have to go into a fair value gap. That or above equilibrium. So, from this point on up, we can look for what? A fair value gap. Is this a fair value gap? Yes. What if you sold short there? Would it be profitable? Yes. Where would your stop need to be? Here, it needs to be at the high. That's a lot. That's a lot of That's a lot of range. But, I don't want to have a stop loss like that. Okay, but you're going to have to be more selective with your entries then. Now, look closer. Inside this price leg here, this is why I'm not supply and demand also. What is this? What's that? What's the separation between this candle's close and this candle's opening? Volume imbalance. The volume imbalance has no body between two close and or opening prices. So, it can be a volume imbalance between a higher close and a lower opening or it could be a difference between a close with a higher opening. That's the difference between the two potential volume imbalances. The wicks overlap. See how it has a small little wick right here? Let me see if I can How can I do that here? I know there's probably a shortcut to do this and you guys are saying, "If you would just do this, ICT." There's a small little wick here and a small little wick right here. Whenever I'm looking at price, I'm looking for those types of things because that's a signature. That's a little That's a little uh glitch in the matrix. Think of it like that. So, if you take that and draw it through cuz we cut through candles, Sam. We're not supplying demand around here. If you cut through all this drop as it's retracing back up, what's it reaching for? It is reaching for an imbalance in here. Yes, there's one here with this candle. There's one here between this candle's low and this candle's high. Then we have one here to here specifically with that candle. Which one is better? Yes, you can enter here and have a stop loss up here. But look closer. In this delivery higher when it ran higher, what is this last up close candle anyway? It's a bearish order block. Why is it a bearish order block? Because it has a fair value gap. Opening price on this candle is what? You're going to look right here. Opening price on this candle is 4130.00. Okay? What's the high on this candle here? You're looking right here. The high of that candle is 4130.00. You cannot improve on perfection. That's algorithmic. What's the high on the next candle here? 4130. 0.00. Again, not one tick off, not one tick over, not one tick short. So, if you had a series of fair value gaps, which one do you look to trade to or use your entry at? Look for the bearish order block. Look for a volume imbalance or a fair value gap on the other side of the drop. You extend it through. Again, we cut through candles. You can't Let me I'm trying to I'm not trying to be so dogmatic in the live streams and I'm trying to control myself cuz I will literally go into a Twitter rant and just not be as productive as I'm trying to be. There's certain things you have to look for. And I can't teach you every possible scenario that's available in the future because it's better to see it live. Explaining it live. Now, you're looking at this saying, "Well, that's live that's not live. It's already happened." I understand that. But I'm showing you the logic that one would use to get to the delivery on this setup which is exactly out of the 2022 model that was shown to you last year. So, with that volume imbalance and the fact that it's above equilibrium on that price leg right here. So, the first one you can take you you could go short there and your risk would be to that high. Trading at this one with the volume imbalance and the fair value gap and now watch. What's the half of this up close candle? Remember that was? What's the half of an order block? It's not consequent encouragement. Consequent encouragement is any inefficiency. The fair value gap, buy side imbalance, sell side inefficiency. Those are consequent encouragement midpoints. A candle, a range, a specific candle that's been delivered in price, the midpoint of that is mean threshold. Low to high is 4131 and a half. So, if you were taking this fair value gap joining it with the volume imbalance and it's a bearish order block price should not do what? It should not trade above the midpoint of that up close candle. So, your stop could be at 4132. 4132. So, that mean, you have a two handle or two point stop loss entering within this volume imbalance, within this fair value gap. And as some of you are new, you you have no idea that this stuff is repeating like this. And I I walked you through an example something like this in the stock indices last week. I said, you know, I I wanted to use a fair value gap for a resistance level. And it stopped dead in its tracks just like this that that here. And I executed on it. And I showed it to you. So, it's not cherry-picking. It's not you know, looking at hindsight only. You have to study hindsight. Every trader that's making money right now that's profitable, they learned by studying hindsight. You have to understand what the concept looks like. You have to identify it. And that way, by seeing it, like when you go out and you learn how to hunt and track, you know, your prey, you spend a lot of time looking at tracks. Oh, this is a bear. This is a elk. This is a deer. And that's the only way you can identify what it looks like cuz you have to see it in in the history. Where has it been shown before? But once you understand the basics of the pattern, the setups, the the primary framework, then it must be studied on real-time data. And it doesn't mean studying by pushing a demo account or studying with a live account. You do not learn anything correctly by doing that. There's a step in between that everybody skips over because they're in a hurry to be profitable versus I want to take my time and be systematic. I want to know that I'm doing what I'm supposed to be doing and avoiding the things and not being influenced emotionally and psychologically because of the money. Because as soon as you put a trade on, you're worrying about the P&L of that trade. You're not worrying about the price action. Your mind shifts from managing the risk and managing the trade versus now I hope I don't lose. Is this thing going to turn around and go after my stop? It may not even be close to your stop, but most of the time it will because you're in a hurry to do what? Jam your stop loss up. And that's not what a profitable trader does. Profitable traders aren't in a hurry to raise their stop loss to break even. They're not They're not concerned about that. Why? Because they've been here before. They know that even if this trade fails, it's not going to end their career. It doesn't undo the the efficacy of their model or their approach to trading. It just means that that was one human transaction that they made. They placed the risk behind it and it was wrong and it didn't deliver a favorable outcome, but you can still learn from that. And it doesn't unsettle you as a profitable trader that you don't you don't say I'm going to change what I'm doing. I'm going to change my approach to trading cuz I had a losing trade. Now in the beginning, that's exactly what you're going to want to do. As soon as you try to learn from me or learn from someone else and you suffer a losing trade, the first thing you're thinking is, okay, this doesn't work. Let me go do something else. And I did that. I did that for years. And I had a winning model, but I kept tinkering around with it until I realized I was holding myself back. So, that's how we go through the process of looking for the right fair value gap. Now, if there's no a volume imbalance or if there's no fair value gap here on either side of the displacement leg, then I'll use the first fair value gap above the equilibrium. And then there it is. Now another version of this would be using this. And I usually do this if I'm going to be building a large position. Like if I know I'm going to be building a large pyramid of position up, I'll use this run up where it takes right before it drops down and takes a shift in market structure. So this is the displacement leg. Okay? This leg here, you split that in half. You would use any fair value gap, I'm sorry, any fair value gap at this level and you get your sell side volume imbalance we just talked about there. Let me finish this thought here and then I'm going to talk about this volume imbalance I mentioned. This leg here to here, if we had no volume imbalance, if that wasn't there, I would take this low to that high, the equilibrium there, drag that through, this would be the fair value gap at that moment. So and then I would be doing this. Again, this is assuming that there's no volume imbalance. My entry would be here. And framed on this fair value gap there. Show me how to pick the right fair value gap. I just did. Did you write it down? Did you record it in your blog? Did you journal it? No. You're watching it like Netflix and you're going to never learn. So there's the there's the logic. Okay? And here's the sell side. Now let me take your attention right back down in here cuz I told you watch this volume imbalance. You know, one of those cherry picking events. If you go over here, the separation between the candles close and the candles opening. You want to get real used to doing that in your charts. When you see that, your eye's going to jump to it. Do you see it here? See that right there? That's a volume imbalance. That's a glitch in the matrix, okay? They're coded. They're there for a reason. Right there. See it? Just like it was here. And there's one here. And there's one right there. So, when I look at price, my eyes jump to fair value gaps, swing highs, swing lows, volume imbalances. That's That's just where my eye goes, okay? Here, think about what I was talking about before we drop down into the sell side. I said, "Watch this." When it was trading up until here, I said, "Watch this volume imbalance." From this point here to that low, what is that? It's a PD array. It's an area where you expect price to react. React how? I framed all this here, but before I went on to do this business up here, I said, "Watch that low. I believe we're going down below that." Now, I already know some of you sceptics I mean skeptics in the audience are sitting here thinking, "Well, big deal. You know, it was this big run." I have hundreds of trades where I'm doing 100 handles or more. You can use the same logic to do those trades, too. I am teaching you this year how to do a five-handle run as a starting point. That is not to say that your entire career must only be on the basis of a five-handle price move. It's to get someone that has never traded a low-hanging fruit objective. And I don't think there's anything wrong with that. Because if anybody in here that's an educator or teacher, they have a first threshold objective, something that they teach their students to aim for. I'm just electing to say five handles in the S&P market when you're paper trading, and you're demo trading, and you're tape reading, if you're looking for that, number one, if that's all you ever get to be consistent with, that's enough. It's It's absolutely enough. You can take that same little cookie cutter approach of five handles and put money manage behind that. Money management behind something that is effective could produce many, many five handle moves over and over and over again. And it compounds and you you use the power of compound interest to do the heavy lifting through money management. You're not risking more. You would be I guess risking more comparatively from where you first started as as your equity base when you first start trading versus five years in the trading, your risk isn't any larger percentage wise. It's a fixed rate of percentage risk that increases monetarily, but never percentage wise. So, the heavy lifting is done by money management, not the bigger positions coming in. I can do that. I can do heavy handed trades. But, a learning student first introduction to trading, first introduction to what I'm trying to teach, it would not be efficient for me as a mentor to try to waste my time trying to build you up to try to do these big heavy handed trades in the beginning when you don't even know how to read price. So, the way you learn how to read price and you feel rewarded because it's more frequent that you'll see a five handle move than a hundred handle move. There's many five handle runs intraday versus how many one hand 100 handle runs is happening intraday in one sustained run. It's not happening that often, right? So, by framing the logic like this, this is where the stops are. What kind of stops? They're sell stops. So, that makes it sell side liquidity. The market's going down up here. So, where would it go? Down to here. Why? Because smart money and the algorithms that are in the marketplace, they engage these levels here. So, what's above that? Buy side liquidity. In short, it's what? Buy stops. So, what happens is the buy stops get tripped in here. Smart money traders like myself and who I'm teaching my students to be, they will accumulate short positions against these buy stops with the expectation that they will ride price lower to the to this low. Why is that advantageous? Because below this low is sell side liquidity for anyone that has been long here and wrote it up. I'm not saying that there aren't traders up here trading without a stop loss or trailing their stop loss up tight and have been already knocked out. That's not what I'm saying. Algorithmically, the market will remember and refer back to that low. It does not know how many stops are actually below the low. It doesn't need to know that. It just needs to reprice to that level. Then the people that are in the marketplace, quote-unquote smart money, the composite man, they will use that liquidity as a counter to their shorting against the buy stops up here. So, basically, it's the game of tag. Tag, you're it. Buy stops are it. Okay, so now who's next? Sell side. Tag, you're it down here. So, in essence, smart money sells to buy stops with the expectation that they're going to run lower in price and then buy sell stops. Now, you don't learn that in books. You think buy down here support, sell up here resistance. And I take my students' understanding about the marketplace and turn it upside down because inside the upside down is the clarity that you're looking for. The frustration is immediately removed. So, now let's go back. The volume imbalance I mentioned live before it actually delivered to you. Inside this area, if if we hadn't already moved so far away here, I would use as an entry. Why wouldn't you take that as an entry? If you knew and you said it was a volume imbalance cycle, you said there was a sell-side liquidity, you said it was going to likely go down there. Why didn't you take this as a trade? Why wouldn't I take that as a trade? Because what I've outlined up here in reference to the premium and discount range. Once we leave, if we're bearish, once we break through the midpoint of discount, I cannot take another new entry. You can, I'm not. I'm managing now. I'm managing my core position, that's it. It's over. This becomes a point of interest where I'm going to see the trade be managed with it. I am not going to put my stop loss below that volume imbalance. I'm not going to trail it down there. If I see that volume imbalance as I mentioned real time, I said, "Watch that area." My stop could be above this high. It could be at the middle of this up close candle mean threshold cuz it shouldn't go there. Why? Because I'm expecting this volume imbalance to keep price from wanting to rally all that. Why? Why would I expect that? You see this opening here? We rally up. We drop down. All this range between from the low and the high. That range has already been delivered to this low. So, 4118. The next candle here, we open, we drop down, and we roll right back to the top of 4118. So, we had one two times between this candle's high and this candle's low, this entire range Oh, you're learning today. School is in session with ICT. So, inside that range this is now balanced because we've had delivery to the downside, we came off of it. We went down through it again, and then we left what? A volume imbalance. So, it's highly highly unlikely that the market's going to do what? Think. What do you see in here? I've been I've been recently teaching a lot about it. That low to that high. What's that price? It's consequent encroachment. Wait a minute. You said that's for gaps and fair value gaps. Yes. A wick is a gap to a algorithm. They view a wick as a gap. Midpoint of that is consequent encroachment. What price is that? 4119 and a quarter. So, my stop would have to be above that. Trusting that it would not go above that. That's stop management. That's how you understand what you're looking for. And we got about uh 11 minutes almost before the market opens up. So, in this area here, the volume imbalance would simply just be a measure of me managing a position that's open until we get down to and where we can take partials. Okay? I just want to have a second to go back over to um the dollar index. Just give me a second, please. Um Okay, yeah. See how we went into this area here? I mentioned that that small little portion of price went right up into it there. So, now this is important because we have technically fulfilled the repricing of this down close candle. So, this sibi, which is a fair value gap, sell side imbalance, buy side inefficiency. It offered the range on the downside. So, to reprice that is going to be delivery on the offside, which is what we have here. But now, because we've hit that and we're going into what? The opening in New York at 9:30, we have to demand a whole lot from price action because it's already delivered enough to cause us to go into consolidation. We don't know with any great degree of certainty now if it's going to rally higher or if it's going to decline lower. So, how would I use that on a day like today? I would probably trade specifically the afternoon session. I would let the street money wrestle with the strong money, smart money in the morning session. It doesn't mean I'm going to turn off the live stream. It just means that I'm not likely to see a setup because of this condition here. We've arrived at a level I mentioned it would be likely possible, but it doesn't really give us much. It offer what? Weaker S&P. Did we have weaker S&P? Did you see a signal form? No. Did you see me outline a signature in price that should offer what? Response in price. The bias is what? On S&P, lower. Where was it likely to go to from this volume imbalance? To this low and underneath it. Why? Cuz everything I've outlined here. Did it move five handles? From 4118 to 4113. Is that not five handles? You want to screenshot this. You want to save this and and all these open areas in your chart, if you're screenshotting mine, you want to fill this up with things that you've observed, what you've heard me say today. Cuz chances are I'm probably not going to remember everything I said and add it to the annotations I'm using. Cuz I'll I'll save these charts and log them on my TradingView profile. Um I don't know how I don't know how to share them. So, I'll have to figure that out later tonight, but um I think if you follow me on TradingView, you should be able to see anything I publish. I'm assuming, I don't know for certain. So, please don't hold me to that. So, that's model 2022, last year's uh teaching right here in price action. And the logic of how to know that the market's likely to be bearish or or bullish. I've walked you through that this morning. How do you get a bias? How do you look for risk on risk off? Real quick in your notes, risk on is when the dollar's dropping or likely to go lower. That means that you have foreign currency likely to go higher in that instance. Uh you have stocks that are likely to go higher and then the index futures are likely to go higher. If you have risk on I just got confused here. Let me Let me say it again without all the mumbo jumbo. Dollar lower allows S&P and Forex to go higher. Dollar higher puts pressure on S&P stocks, index futures, and Forex and it's likely to see them go lower. So, it's like a teeter-totter. If dollar's up or going up or likely to go up, that means it's risk off. All other assets are likely to go lower or have difficulty going higher. If dollar's going lower, that means it's going to be easy for buy signals in S&P and in futures and or Forex to go higher. So, if we look at the Let's see here. I turn them on. If we look at the uh euro real quick. Remember we were digging down deeper into that. If you look at the 5-minute chart on euro, they already got softer. Let's put the cable real quick. I know I can hear the guys that's been trading for a while. Dude, I know this. I understand you might not know it cuz there's a lot of people that are here that don't. Cable's just ugly. We did have softer, but there's nothing here I would have traded on. In fact, I probably would have been stopped out with this run here. Yeah, I would have been. I would have used this right here. I would have went short on that one and my stop would have been hit there. So, there's some reality for you. And look at gold real quick. And what I said last week about gold, it's pretty well dropped, wasn't it? Okay. Uh watch this level here on this order block. Okay. There. That might be a level to watch. If we break through the middle of this candle here, so you do your own mean threshold measurement there. If we break through that on the downside on a closing basis, uh we're going into this area here with sell side. Otherwise, we might want to drag up into this down close candle. Cuz we have a candle high and candle low, sibi. So, it might want to reach back up into this fair value gap in act as resistance and then maybe uh go softer, especially if we continuously see what? Dollar going higher, which is why you saw weakness and why the gold market dropped like it did. It's not a surprise when you start looking at it from a macro stance. So, whenever we sit down on the weekend or we go through our analysis in the morning, I always revisit my macro analysis because it's easy to see something on a lower time frame chart and think, "Oh, this is that same thing I saw when I was 22 as a trader and I I did really well with it because it, you know, you can't do that. You got to take it back to the core macro analysis. And yes, I can trade against core macro analysis, but in the beginning, you shouldn't be trying to do that because it it will help frame experience and provide you a means of measuring progress. Cuz you're continuously doing the same things and getting progressively better at doing it versus insanity, which is doing the same thing over and over again, which is jumping from method, jumping from model, jumping from educator, jumping from market to market, different time frames, different style of trading. That's insanity. So, you have to give yourself yourself a chance really to do well. All right. So, we're a couple minutes away from the open. Now, you can see this fair value gap here. Would you take that? No. Why? Because we've already moved a lot and we we've already tapped into sell side. So, what could happen at the open? We could start to sell off a little bit. Get everybody thinking, okay, it's been going down. It's going to keep going down, so they'll dog pile in going short. And then they'll rip it up above this volume imbalance. This here is the only exposed area I see in price with the exception of this one. Why? There's no overlap between the candle before this one with this candle and this candle between their respective highs and lows, meaning this here and here, if you take that there. So, that is a sibi. It is a fair value gap by classification, but specifically, it is a sell side imbalance by side inefficiency. So, within this run from here to here, that is above equilibrium. I'm not stating that this is what's going to happen, folks. Be mindful of that. And then some of you are like, okay, he's telling us it's a buy. I'm not saying that at all. I'm answering questions. You're probably seeing this fair value gap. What would he do with it? I would do nothing with it. I would watch. Why? Why are we Why are we watching price right now? Because it's already fulfilled several things on dollar and it's already fulfilled a run on liquidity here ahead of 9:30. If this would have been trading up here still, I'd say, okay, I'm looking for a short and I'm going to target that low. But because we already broke down, the model that I taught last year has already delivered. So since it's already delivered, what I would expect reasonably See, you have to be careful. So anything here that we we get from this fair value gap I mentioned, we could take out that low, entice new sellers at the open. And then this is electronic trading hours. If you go here to regular trading hours right now the price is 41 13 and a quarter, okay? We go to regular play regular trading hours. Chart looks different, doesn't it? So we're down here in electronic trading and we have a gap from yesterday's close to here. So now think about that. We have already tapped into sell side here. Don't worry, I'll go back into that chart in a second. We've already traded down here. We hit it. We yes, we do have a fair value gap here. But just because it's a fair value gap doesn't mean it's a tradeable entry point. It's something that we watch. Just like this volume imbalance here. Okay? Because we're down here at 41 13 and a half in electronic trading, the markets are going to see the market as a gap lower and street money sees oh, it's weak. Let me get short. Let me sell my stocks. And we're about 30 seconds away from the open. So any movement lower, they're going to chase that. When we have a significant gap between where the markets view it from regular trading hours they're it's more likely that they'll want to trade back up into that range versus I would not want to chase it lower here. So, not every fair value gap is an entry. Not every uh imbalance is a reason to get into the trade. All right. Market's open. Now, I'd like to see it. I want to see it take out that low, to be honest with you, first. I don't want to see it run from here. I'm going to see it take out that low. Man, I hope my audio has been working. Look at that reaction off the fair value gap there. That was nice. But, you said I didn't say anything except for just study it. I don't want to I don't want to do anything with it yet. Now, we've taken out the low. If we can rally, okay? If we can rally. Now, I don't know for certain we're going to go yet cuz it's only a couple minutes now into the new opening. But, if we rally above it and find some support here, that's what I'm watching and observing to see if we can do that and then run up into this area here. Otherwise, we could very well just keep on melting lower. And then, later in the morning going into the afternoon, uh try to do something out of this outline and with that gap from yesterday's trading. Okay. Now, if we go back to regular trading hours, this is what everybody seen. The market was here and we gapped down. Oh my goodness, the market's going lower. So, street money's doing what? Selling, selling, selling. Be mindful this. If we do continuously drop, 41 0 6 50 is is something in my mind significant cuz it's consequent encroachment of that wick. Let me Let me see if I can make a visual aid here. So, theoretically, what I'm saying is is from the close of yesterday to the open of today, this range is likely to be traded back up into. So, all this here. And where does it take us up into? That fair value gap. Which is why I mentioned it earlier. So, all this now has been explained why it's important to me, why I'm watching it, why it's you know, even that worth mentioning. So, on the downside, we had that consequent encroachment on that wick. I would have like to seen that hit that first. But, if we rip from here, that's fine. And before you can get to the point where you can get in trades and trust what the logic is that you're trying to trade on, you have to do this part, folks. And it feels like it's a waste of time. It feels like it's monotonous. It's you know, it's unproductive. When it's extremely productive. Sitting here and watching these candles form around specific times of the day, the logic behind it, why it should do certain things, why it shouldn't do certain other things, is crucial. And you won't be influenced by anybody, not that you should be on social media anyway. But listening to other people if you have no business you know, trying to find your own model or trying to you know, develop your own approach to dealing or you don't have discipline to do it. You have known that enough to you would rather follow someone else that knows what they're doing, then there's nothing wrong with that. But if you're trying to learn how to do this my opinion is is even if someone's successful and you're following them, the only thing you're developing is codependence. And I don't like that in people. Like I think independence is much stronger trait than you know, depending upon someone else that to show you their cards. But there is a market for it. There's a There's a student base out there that's better suited for that because they have no intent They have no interest in learning how to trade because they know their own limitations. So think about what has transpired here from 7:00. Okay, from here down into the sell side. So it delivered a beautiful low resistance liquidity run. It was in agreement with the dollar index going higher. We had support of like the euro wanting to go lower. Um gold wanting to go lower. So everything with a risk off scenario delivered price, you know, as we see here. The better and this is for your journal. The better morning sessions are if we open up with this framework that's as Excuse me. As I outlined, if it hadn't done the drop, like say for instance, it was trading like here at 9:30, and we hadn't taken out that low yet. That is a real obvious easy opening session trade where that's where I would be doing it. But notice what has already happened at at 9:30, right here on this candle. It had already delivered into the sell side. So, in my mind, you know, my experience tells me to sit still. It's already done something. And because it's opening at 9:30, there's initial volatility, there's uncertainty. We don't know if it's going to run up into that red area here. I could be completely wrong. It could just go right on through that 410650 level and dollar scream higher. That's the uncertainty that's associated with this type of market structure at the time of the 9:30 opening after delivery of the model that I taught you last year. Everything has already transpired. So, we have to sit and wait. Demand more information. That is never a bad thing. It's never a bad thing cuz trades always repeat themselves. There's more setups that's going to work repeating in the future that you're going to keep yourself from being able to be a participant of by rushing in in low probability uncertain times cuz you're here in front of the charts. So, therefore, you must take a trade. That's asinine. That's That's gambling. Watch that 410650 level. So, here you go. You have an example of me outlining a trade that I would not take, which is trading in that fair value gap. But it offered five handles. You might look at that and say, "That was perfect. That's cherry for me." I mean, every one of my criteria. Don't let me influence you. I'm just saying cuz you want to hear me tell you these things. This is what I would do. This is what I wouldn't do. This is why I wouldn't want to do it. That's mentoring. Now, if we get above this fair value gap now after this and touch that support, I think we could potentially run up into here. I still would have favored that 410658 first, though. I've drank two bottles of water, so I have to relieve myself. I'll be back in a second. Just watch and see if we get above this gap here, if it acts as a support. Watch and see if it delivers there. All right, so now we have traded up through the fair value gap. Now, look to the left. What do we have here? One two down close candles. Midpoint of that, both ranges are potentially a bullish order block. We don't know for certain it is until we displace. So, I'm watching the midpoint of that level. I don't want to see price go that back down below that. I would want to see it rally from here and trade up into that level here, not piercing or going below this level here. Now, if this was a trading day, like say I wanted to take a trade, I would not use full leverage because it's going against what what's the undertone of the marketplace. Market is likely to see what? Higher dollar if it continues. So, that's what? Invitation for risk off. So, while the trade might be there, it very well could deliver and go up into 4121. I can't offer myself the potential to lose full risk, like the industry says it's 2%. It's too high for someone that's new. 2% is too much risk. But, whatever your maximum threshold for risk would be would not be utilized on a trade like this. So, let's for instance say you see me trade with like 20 contracts, I would do like three. Because it's engaging price. I'm not opening myself up to larger risk against against the potential for the dollar index to rally higher, which would put pressure on a long entry in forex or in index futures like this. So, there's a lot of managing and weighing out that has to be done. It's simply not just give me a order block, give me a fair value gap. You have to measure these things out. And the your primary role as a trader is to preserve capital and manage risk. Cuz if you don't do those two things, it doesn't matter what pattern you learned. It doesn't matter what structure or approach that you use to trade with. You're going to lose. All right, so the next point of interest we want to see it go through would be the volume imbalance here. Now, I would want to see if we can if we can do it. If it can trade through the volume imbalance, I want to see it do so with speed and no respect of it. In other words, I want to see it go through it and not come back and touch it. Now, it can go up to it, start a new candle, touch it, and then expand. That's fine. I'm not looking for a type of run up, stop short of this box, and then come back down, find support, and then go up to it. I don't want to see that. Why would I expect something like that? Why would I want that? Number one, because we have outlined this morning that the dollar index has been bullish. It can It can continue being bullish later in the morning here and completely pressure this from wanting it to go where? Preventing it to go higher. So, you're trading right now in a what? High resistance liquidity run. It doesn't matter if it goes up here. That I don't want you thinking I was right or we were right watching it. That's not what I'm I'm not trying to build that as the argument. What I'm saying is is look how hard it is for price to want to get there under these present conditions. I'm teaching you high probability trading, but I have to teach you what high resistance liquidity runs look like so that way you can avoid trading them or at least once you get into trading, you've identified it's what it is, you can pair the risk back and not demand that it goes to your targets, cuz many times in these types of conditions, I might see a potential setup. I might see a target. I'm made mine available here. This is what I think is likely to occur. I'm more prone to be wrong, if you want to think about it in terms of being right or wrong. I'm more prone to be wrong and not have my trade paying out when it's under these types of conditions, which is why I teach my students the the specifically target times when the market's likely to go one direction. It's so heavy-handed. It's very hard to defend, you know, no, not defend, to present both sides of the the equation. So, if you can look at a trade setup and you can argue it from both sides of the the coin, like I can see a sell here, I can see a buy here. In my definition, that is a low-probability trade. versus it is so overwhelmingly likely to go this direction because it has all these other factors behind it, that to me is high probability. And I understand the limitations of the the terminology and definition I just gave there for someone new. That doesn't do justice. But for someone that has been doing this for a little bit of time, and maybe not even profitable yet, it made much more sense to that person, and maybe even more for those that are profitable. You know You know what your setups look like. And that's what I'm saying. But as a new student to the marketplace, you really don't know what your setup is, cuz you don't even know what you're doing. You're just floundering around watching these candles and trying to chase the next person that's hot. So, in this instance, say I was unaware, not that that would happen, but say I was unaware that the dollar index has been trading the way it has been. Okay? Um say I got myself into a trade and I discovered that I'm in a high resistance liquidity run. At this moment, I would start doing that typical I want to see in the next two or three minutes, I want to see some favorable price action. So, that means I would want to see it start to you know, trade higher, take out the short-term high here. At least touch the volume imbalance. So, since we have the markers here on the 5-minute chart, I'm going to start dropping down in our time frames. And you can see there's really nothing in here. So, this is a lot of chop. And I'm only telling you what is likely to occur because we've already went down, we took out the low. We have a volume imbalance and we have a a fair value gap here within within the gap that's established from yesterday's trading to today's opening. Okay, it's 4-minute, 3-minute. Look what's here now. Relative equal highs. They're They're very clean. I like the idea if it can run one more time below that low, hit that 410650, maybe even pierce 410650. And then if it rejects that, these levels here I have I think are much more significant. Right now, it's still a lot of uncertainty there. And again, these are the conditions you get once you see the delivery of objective on a setup. Again, getting back to that sell side here. Because it's done so before the 9:30 opening, this right here, this is exactly what makes the morning chop at the opening. This is what creates that condition. All these factors together. Cuz it's already delivered what would be reasonable in terms of a very high probability low resistance liquidity run signature. It just means, in plain terms, easy language, it would be the easy setup going short has already happened from over here. And it went to target. So, since it's already done so before the markets open at 9:30, that means the market's going to chop around until it can establish more sentiment. Right now, in my opinion, they're trying to force the narrative that it's going to go lower. And they like to do that with presenting relatively equal highs like this, so that looks like what? Oh, it stopped here, it stopped here, and starts to drop down, so that means what? This is resistance, right? That's what a retail trader sees. That's what street money sees. What's resting above those highs right now? Buy side. Buy stops. So, ripping above that and the volume imbalance, how far can it go above that? Into this gap here. Which now is refined with this candle here. So, from this candle here and here, so we can refine it to this. It's a little bit more sensitive. Cuz initially I had it set set on the 5-minute chart. Now, we're on a 3-minute chart, so it's a little bit more refined now. So, hopefully, you know, the point is you're learning this morning how to anticipate the chop. The anticipation of when the market's going to rip higher and build bias even in the under presence of a high resistance liquidity run. We had our volume imbalance traded to here. So, remember I said I want to see in the next 2 to 3 minutes it needs to get into that volume imbalance. So, it's met that threshold. This down close candle here, the way I observe that is I don't want to see it go down and close below the midpoint of that. It can come down and touch it, that's fine cuz it's also that old fair value gap. But, I want to see if it does that it needs to rip higher and aggressively run. Now, think about think about and now some of you in here have tried to press the button, I'm sure, and you're flipping out right now because you're seeing all this chop and you're wondering, is this the day ICT's got it wrong? Is this the day he's going to be right? Oh my goodness, you're worrying about the outcome of your trade that you should have never entered. versus having the peace of mind knowing how to read this and not have any emotional commitment to it whatsoever. The folks that are not pushing the button are actually learning today. You're learning fear and greed and buyer's remorse. But, imagine if you were in a trade right now. Is it showing you a a state of delivery that is very comforting? It shouldn't. It's choppy. These are market conditions when you're in them, they feel like you're being strangled and darkness is about to slip on and envelop you. You can't It's like it's choking you. And you don't want to be in trades like that. You want to find trades that are very easy to just once you get in them, not long after entering them, they start moving in your favor and it starts delivering quickly and you have big ranges in your favor. That's a low resistance liquidity run signature. That's what I'm teaching you to find, but you have to see what they are not to know when they exist. This is a high resistance liquidity run. It still can deliver. It absolutely can do it. But but it can do so with gray hair or a loss of hair. It's very stressful sometimes and it can it feels like it's an eternity. And or it completely fail on you and that's that's always a probability with any trade really, but it's more likely to fail when you're trading in these kind of conditions. I hope I'm I hope I'm communicating that effectively today. So we've taken those smooth relative equal highs out. We traded up into the volume imbalance and we're back down in here. So in my mind, watch this fair value gap now cuz it might want to act as resistance and tag that 410650 level. Tug-of-war day. These are days I'm so glad I'm not in it. As a younger man, I would insist, there's something to do right here. I just don't know what it is. Let me take a guess. Oh, regret that. All right, so now watch the uh 4121 level. Looks like it's respecting the breaker. I mean, it's not the best breaker. But, let me show you. We have low, lower low. Come on, kill me. So, I'm watching how price reacts in here. I don't care about the wick. I'm looking at the body. It's really, really hard to to read it when it's like this choppiness. And it's just a really like a a an experience thing. And And if I'm right, don't read into that as as skill. It's not skill cuz it's not something I'm pushing a button on. But, you should be feeling the trouble, the struggle, the difficulty in reading this. Which is exactly When you identify it like this, here's what you do, okay? You close your trade. Right as soon as you As soon as you discover that you're in these types of environments, close your trade. But, um I ICT, I'm under Close your trade. Close it because you're going to end up spending more mental capital than you're going to make in real life profit even if it goes to your target. You're going to spend more time worrying about this trade when there's so many other very good setups that aren't going to force you into something like this. When does the market chop? At the open. When it's already delivered its move pre-market. And that's what you're seeing here. And then it becomes a 50/50. It could go up to that red box. I'm hoping I I'm hoping that it doesn't cuz I want you to see me get it wrong in these contexts in this context in this condition cuz then it'll prove to you why I'm teaching you the way I'm teaching you. If it goes up there, you're just going to think, "Well, he just got it right again." I don't want that actually to occur here. I want to be wrong. I want to be wrong and say, "See, this is why that condition is exactly what you should be fearful of as a trader. This is the thing you should be fearful of, falling victim to this, insisting on it's going to go where you want it to go versus okay, this is more work than it needs to be. Let me just close it and I'll come back at another time where it's cleaner. What does that mean cleaner? When price runs very efficiently. It doesn't waste a lot of time. Retracements go to specific levels that are predetermined. We can see them. There's visibility to it. And it's easy draw. Where right now is it more likely to go to? Is it easier for it to get to 4121 or to get to 410650? It's 50/50. Either one of those scenarios I can make a case for right now. And whichever one forms, the people that side with that, they will think that that was skill, and it's not. And that's what I fell victim to in the beginning when I was a 20-year-old. I was getting lucky, and attributed it falsely to skill. Whereas now, I'd like to believe I'm a little bit more versed. I've picked up a whole lot of wisdom through pain. So, uh there's a big difference between me now and as a 20-year-old. But when you first start, you don't have that measuring stick, right? You just have your emotions. And as young men, we like to think, you know, we're that caveman, we get it right. You're you're Thor, the you know, the unconquerable. This wick right here, half of that since it was traded here, and we're looking at the bodies, it's not showing a willingness to get back above that original 5-minute fair value gap, which is that green box. So, let's take a look at this on a 1-minute chart. How's that make you feel? Yep. 50/50. 410650 or 4121. Who's going to be right? And the beauty is is neither one is a factor for you as a trader right now. You're completely at peace of mind knowing that you're not influenced by, "Oh, but if it moves there, I could catch that move." There's going to be so many other moves that are cleaner, easier easier to deliver, that transport your entry to target much more efficiently and and faster really. Whereas this, you know, it could go either way. This candle we're on right now at this point right after the fair value gap and touched it as resistance as you would expect. low low and low. So there's sell side right below here. If they're going to go below that, they're going to run into here and then that consequent encroachment wick at 410650. And then some of you are new and thinking to yourself, man, there's no way I would know how to do this. You will. It's the same stuff repeating all the time. Everything worth doing takes a little bit more effort than the average person is willing to do. And you should commend yourself for wanting to do this because this is one of the hardest things in the world to do. So now let's This is another thing I like to do and this is how I've always taught my students as well. Say you're late to getting to the charts. Okay, first first sitting down you turn your charts on you overslept. You run to your charts and this is what you see. What do you feel confident about? Admittedly, I'm thinking 410650 if I'm looking at the chart right now. But I'm not looking at the chart thinking, I got to get in there. I'm going to miss something. Look at this. Does anything in here look like anything I've taught on my YouTube channel for opportunity? No. So what are you doing? You're gambling if you enter into this. There's nothing it's a 50/50 condition. And if you don't understand that, if you can't see that, you're going to fall victim to this type of day. I guarantee you there's YouTubers out there right now trying to insist that it's going to do one thing or another right now. And I'm not trying to be argumentative or rude to any of them. But because you're in front of other people on a live stream, you're sharing your opinion, guess what? You're going to force something. And that's why as a a new student or a new trader, the worst thing you can do is put yourself out there in front of other people because it's going to make you impulsive versus using sound logic, good risk management, and are you really following your model or you just doing something cuz you want to perform? See that volume imbalance? Right here. Now, I'm going to ask you to study this. This is a very very poor condition to deal with in. But see if that volume imbalance acts as resistance as a run to 410650. Nothing there. For those of you that have been very disciplined this morning, I'm proud of you and you should be thinking to yourself, "I'm glad I didn't do anything today." So, the sellers that were interested in chasing markets lower today at the open haven't seen much in delivery on the downside. Since we went down below that old level at 4113, which is the level I told you to focus on for sell side, we've had one, two, three, four times where we ran out short-term buy side. And we dropped down and only taken out one with this low, two with that low. So, it to me looks like we probably rounded out the morning morning low and we'll likely see that 4121 now. Down close candle, it mean threshold, which is half of it, which is real close to the middle of that wick right there. Devil's advocate say I was long, say I was foolishly trying to push something. I'd want to see it now in the next two candles. And we're in a 1-minute chart. Next two or three candles, I'm going to see it run higher and reach back up into that old buy side liquidity pool here. And if say I was in a trade, say I was in a trade and I realized I was potentially in a high resistance liquidity run signature, and I'm having difficulty getting to target. By having this two to three minute filter, if it doesn't deliver as I'm expecting, which is this blue line right here, it needs to get above that. Then I would close the trade and be done, regardless of wherever I was. That's the benefit of having that time filter. Why would I want to do that? Because I'm going to hold on to something that could potentially turn worse on me, or just stay exactly where it's at doing nothing. So, it's important to understand these conditions because you will eventually fall victim to it. So, there's a lot of times where the market looks like it's going to offer beautiful price delivery. You know, the setups are just easy, like it's dangling, you know, candy in front of you. And then once you take it and you pay for it by entering and paying the commissions and incurring the risk, you regret it. And then you don't want to close it out because you fearfully think that as soon as I close the trade out, it's then it's going to run in my favor and then I'll feel stupid. Well, more times than not, you're going to regret having held on to the trade. So, what have we seen so far? Every reason to expect choppiness, uncertainty came to fruition. Take a look at Nasdaq. I haven't looked at that this morning. I apologize. I should have brought it up sooner. Look at the hourly chart over here. You see this range we're in? Sloppy. Take a look at Dow. No, thank you. All right, so that would be the end of I would not hold a position. If I had a position on, I would close it and be content with okay, it's not doing what I wanted to see it do. Time filter parameter kicked in. It didn't deliver what I wanted to see it deliver at least the minimum. So, I would cut bait. So, whenever you hear me refer to cut bait, either I'm in a position, I'm closing it, or I'm no longer interested in pursuing anything for that session. And I'll just move to sidelines and be flat and do nothing. And not worry about even if it does whatever it's going to do, I'm not going to go back and look at the chart and say, "Oh, I wish I would have." Because experience will teach you if you exist in you know, the longevity is offered to you by doing the right things and avoiding the wrong things. If you stay in this business long enough, you're going to see that there are more times that you're going to wish you would have gotten out versus holding on to it when it's problematic and suggesting otherwise. From the conditions, it's better simply to just move to the sidelines. Cuz if anybody's looking at this and saying, "Oh, yeah, that's one of those XYZ patterns that always works out." Uh you're you're talking out the other end. Okay? That's nonsense. So, here we have one more piercing of the daily low. And again, I really would have liked to see that 410650 level get tagged. We have a breaker now. Old fair value gap, right? And take us right into that. Right there. What's the low on Nasdaq? And it made a lower low, too. I was looking at the lows from here. Seeing if it had had failed to make a Oh, hold on. I've plotted the Nasdaq comparatively. And I'm looking at the lows plotted on Nasdaq. And I'm comparing respectively the ES lows versus that of the the Nasdaq. And 4106 should be hit. And for some of you that just got here, the uh 4106 level is this over here on the 5-minute chart. That wick right here. And I think we just hit it that way. Yeah, 410650. Hit it as consequent encroachment on that wick. And we'll see, does it want to offer any return back up into the the gap that has formed? Again, this is Let me make another annotation. Opening to Friday's close. That blue shaded area, that's the range we had it trade up into that inside this range's gap. Tried several times to do it. It's moved lower. We've hit consequent encroachment at 410650. And I believe that the better price action will be in the afternoon session. The opportunity still lies with if the market can find a low set up something as a run in the afternoon up here. I favor that based on all I'm seeing right now, that's what I favor. Anything can happen between now and over the lunch hour. But I would like to see that as a potential framework for like the two 1:30 to 4:00 session. So we got up essentially about halfway through that gap. This is that blue shaded area represented by yesterday's day session close and 9:30 opening today. It's very hard for me to have this on my chart. And I hopefully am not making it harder for you, but this is a lot of lipstick on the chart for me. I just want you to see the representation of that gap from yesterday's trading to this morning's opening. That range is important. And we see it trade up about half of it here. And I'm going to take this other stuff off because it's no longer selling. So just be mindful that that range here. Have those levels on your chart. Yeah, that's going to be it for me this morning. So not a terribly exciting one, obviously, but you got to see some some elements of uh price action that we we like to see deliver, and then also learning when I sit still, why I sit still, what constitutes a reason for me not to want to do it. And unfortunately, in your when you're new, you can't appreciate that type of lesson cuz it feels like you should be pushing a button. You should be showing me the market's going to move a big move. If the market's not going to move, it doesn't matter how many things I talk about liking about it, it won't make price go up or down. It It's not It's not going to do like that. It doesn't work like that. So, the market has to be in a position to be predisposed to go higher or lower with a great deal of ease. That's very low resistance liquidity runs. And we're not seeing that here. And you can't walk away from this thinking foolishly that it was an unprofitable study because these are the very things that you're going to chop yourself up, do lots of needless silly trades, chasing the next breakout, thinking this is going to be the real run. This is going to be the real move. This is going to be the thing that I've been waiting for all morning. I'm going to get all my losses back. And the only thing that ends up happening is you compound your losses into larger ones, and or blow your account. I'm telling you this is exactly what it looks like. This is why it forms this way. And all the things that were outlined here, if the move delivers before 9:30, expect 9:30 to be choppy and trade the afternoon session. Done. Simple. That's why also sometimes you see me entering and dealing trades before 9:30. Why? But you said the idea should be we should be trading Yeah, you should be focusing on 9:30. And if there's news at 8:30, focus there, too. But if the moves form a setup before that, There's nothing saying you can't trade 7:00 to 9:00 in the morning. If the framework is offering it to you, there there's your setup. But by doing that, know that when 9:30 comes and the US equities market opens, it's usually the opening bell, ding ding ding, you know, CNBC whole business makes a big deal about When that occurs, this is what you're likely to see. This type of messiness. And you don't want to look at this and trick yourself into thinking this is opportunity. It is opportunity. It's opportunity for you to hurt yourself, do reckless trading, churn your account for the broker's sake, and you lose it. Or create drawdown. This is exactly where it creeps into your trading. And in the beginning, when you listen to these 20-year-olds that think that they have things figured out, you'll fall victim to that just like I fell victim to the things on America Online back in 1992 and 93. There was always these hucksters out there, always trying to tell you something. Do this, buy this. And it was in these instances that they were quiet. They didn't have an answer for it. And people were getting wrecked. You have to know where these types of conditions will manifest. Where will they likely form? And by knowing that, number one, it prevents you, hopefully, from losing control of yourself, and over expecting price delivery on a day like this in these types of conditions. It's easy to see it after the fact and say, "Oh, I wish I would have known that." It's altogether something different, and it's only guided by experience. And no book, no educator, no 5-minute trainer, nobody's going to teach that lesson to you. You have to live it. You have to be hurt by it a few times and say, "Okay, I understand what this is now." It's pretty interesting how that 410650 level reacted, didn't it? I'm giving it time to see if it can get to that breaker. That's this candle here. If it can get above that, find some support. I want to watch that run there. I see he's addicted. Yeah, for the last 30 years I've been addicted. It's the best drug on the on the planet. Price. You look at the lows right at the 410650 level. As it hit that, see what the Nasdaq wasn't able to do? It didn't make that lower low. That was the whole point of me bringing it up, Trinity. By that busy job owning. So, here's where this is where we usually see Okay, gun to my head, okay? If I had to do something right now, I wouldn't want to do anything right now, admittedly. But, if I had to do something right now, would I be more interested in being short or more interested in being long? I would be more interested in being long. I'd like to see it trade down to that fair value gap right there. Re-price to here and then into this area here. I bought this head I bought this headset here and I thought I was doing myself good. But uh I'm not sure why this died. There's no way the battery died that quick. So, I'm probably doing something wrong with it. The idea would be invalid at that point. I apologize. Should have ended that at the beginning. Why am I picking that level? Cuz it's below the middle point of this down close candle. That's mean threshold, so my stop would be below that. I don't have a trade on, so please don't take that as an invitation to push the button, okay? I know some of you in here just are doing that, and I don't want you doing it. Remember, high resistance High resistance creates a lot of pausing, deeper retracements than you than you would rather see, and ultimately failure. In the a low resistance liquidity run signature, this thing would have already been over 4119. Because of the time of the morning, because we've already priced in a lower low. And we have a divergence between the Nasdaq and the averages are not confirming one another. See that reaction? That's what high resistance liquidity runs do. It's very, very give and take back a lot. Give and take a lot. It's it's It's very frustrating to be in these types of trades. Even when they pan out, it's very difficult that you understand the distinctions between the two. See how it's still sloppy, still trading sideways? It's very, very hard to get excited about a move like this today. So, if you're new and you haven't traded with real money yet, you've been spared the pain and anguish that these types of environments create for you. And most people end up losing their accounts and chopping themselves up with. Cuz they they try to fix the problem of doing something they knew they should have never done. Take a trade in an environment that is iffy, like a 50/50 condition. And everyone's done this. If you've ever traded with money, you know exactly the few times that stand out in your mind that you wish you never would have done this trades on that day that day cuz you knew it was most likely not going to pan out for you, but you couldn't leave it alone. The feeling is you want to get back in there and fix it right away. You want to erase it. Let me just go back and fix it and then I'll stop trading for the day and I'll be glad I I fixed it and I'm I'm smarter for doing so. That never works out like that. It ends up becoming a bigger drawdown. Now, if it doesn't run higher on this candle, it isn't going to run higher on Stopping on a day like this before pain is much more a factor is wisdom. It won't feel like wisdom. It'll feel like you're cheating yourself out of potential to make more or fixing a problem. Don't ever think that. Don't ever think that. If the market's ugly and you recognize it as being ugly and you start feeling heavy chested, you're breathing heavy heart palpitations, that would be a stop out. Now, do I need to get in here and trade this and lose in front of you for you to appreciate the fact that this is exactly what you want to avoid? I don't need to push a button to do that. Everything I'm outlining here is problematic for you going forward if you don't listen to it. Contrast it with other days where it's easy, you know, every single time I talk about it on Twitter. When I talk about it on Twitter, those examples, they've been pretty much 98%. They're under the pretense of a low resistance liquidity run. You don't see me pointing out, "Oh, well, this is going to be a hard run here. It's going to be a sticking point at this price level. It's sloppy. It's choppy. You don't want to trade in these conditions." And the problem is is you'll see these things sometimes allow you to fix a problem, fix an error, fix a losing streak that you had that morning. And you'll think that that's skill. You see that lower low on the S&P? It hasn't been met with the Nasdaq. See that right here? Now, by itself means absolutely nothing. The fact that it's done so on a day where we've opened with a large gap lower, we've taken out the low here, here, and here. How many buy side now have we taken out? This high from here, this high here, this high here. So, anybody that's wanting to sell on a breakout, they're short. Anyone that's already short feels confident. And we have a large gap still unfulfilled above us. With S&P divergences between the averages. So, the averages did not confirm that lower low in Nasdaq. So, assuming that we don't go crashing lower between now and 1:30, I would like and this is not an invitation for you to trade, but I would like to see if it makes it a an opportunity for the market to want to run up into that 4121, 4123 level during the PM session. And by having that as a potential narrative to work with in the afternoon, it allows you to just let the market do whatever it's going to do. What what happens if you come back at 1:30 and it has already done that? Then it's over. You missed it. There's nothing wrong with that. It just means you missed that trade. But what happens if it does offer that potential and fails? You're going to fail in trading. You're going to have trades that don't pay out. There's nothing wrong with that. I mean, everybody has losing trades. Everyone's going to have There are setups that they think is really there. They're not going to be fruitful. All right, let's watch one more. Got volume imbalance. S&P divergences here. Breaker. Buy side. When I was younger, these are the lessons I would have paid money for. Cuz this is how I hurt myself. Every time I blew an account, I was forcing trades in these like this. And then insisting on I was I was right. I was going to be right finally. I was finally going to be right. Now, any other day, I would treat this as a long entry. Why? Short-term high taken here. We retraced, we took sell side out, and we have a divergence SMT, and we've not been able to accelerate on the downside on a daily gapped lower. So, I would want to see it really start to run higher and attack that buy side here. But again, watch how it delivers under the context of a high resistance liquidity run. Everything I've outlined this morning, this is what you have in ahead of you. You don't have the wind at your back. It's in your face. And it's like hurricane force. It's forcing back against you and your trades. And it's very, very frustrating. If you don't know what you're experiencing and you can't observe it, it can be very, very frustrating and it makes you get emotional. It makes you feel like You feel reckless. You know, and that type of thing causes you to do what? Remove a stop loss. In this case, it'd be right here. Mean threshold there. This that would be there. To I mean there's a lot of things about this industry that don't get talked much about in books and such, but traders, that's why I love listening to people that actually trade. Because what they say and how they experience and internalize price action and listening and observing the frustrations or the elation that they feel while they're in a in a market move to me is much much more fascinating. Because these candlesticks are really about psychology more than anything else. They're Rorschachs. They're they they're like inkblots. You're going to make them say whatever you want them to say because you want to do something. You want to trade. You want to force a narrative. You want to force an idea. You want to do something that causes potential for you to make money because that making of the money means it's your significant. And that significance is a powerful drug. That's why social media is so addictive. One more touch there. Now, on another day where where not being met with high resistance that would have been another entry for me. You know, adding more to it. But you can't think that today with this because we have all of these other factors fighting against you. And these are the things I was dealing I had my first year mentorship. And I was sitting in the room with uh GoToWebinar. Uh 800 and some people, 868 people, 864, something like that. And in the chat window, I had a mistake made the mistake of being able to see that, which was terrible for me cuz it was very distracting. And I had I was trying to teach this over the charts live. And I would get a thousand questions. What about this and what about that? And I'm trying to do my best to try to you know, service everyone's request and and question. And it was such a state of confusion. Like I couldn't focus. I could not focus. I was frustrated with myself. I was frustrated with my students because they weren't willing to listen. They weren't willing to listen and see what it was I was showing them. And understanding there's a lesson in understanding that a high resistance liquidity run, you will see things in the price action. Doesn't mean that it's going to deliver like you want it to. And they still might deliver like you would like to see them deliver. But you can't actively seek trading in those conditions and keep peace of mind while you're trading. Cuz it's it's it's makes it harder than it has to be. I really want to see it hit that red line and be a technical hypothetical stop out cuz that would be communicating what I'm taking you today, what to avoid. Don't try to force trades in these conditions. If it runs up there and hits the buy side and hits that rectangle up there, you're going to foolishly assume that that's skill and you're going to be able to do this type of thing going forward. That's not what this lesson is about. That's not what the focus is. It's to show you by contrast when you see me trading in low resistance liquidity runs, it's easy. It's real easy. That's why it looks easy because everything is going in your favor. Everything is. You got time of day. You have all the other factors supporting it. You risk on, risk off. All the price delivery. You know, everything is just like precision. That's the That's the example I shared on Twitter. That's why they work. I don't force those types of things in Twitter when it's like this. That's what makes it different. So, when you see other people tweeting to me and saying, "Oh, you know, how's he able to do this? How does he know which one?" Number one, it's experience. Two, I'm avoiding these kind of conditions because even a very good trader, a very good trader, trading in these types of conditions will look like a novice because the markets are just being very fickle. They're just They're not going to They're not going to present you the opportunity that you would rather see. And it's unfortunate cuz as a new trader, you don't have the patience to appreciate good wisdom and sound logic when it's presented to you because you're you're weighing everything on the basis of right or wrong. Making money or not making money. Show me with a live account or it doesn't matter. The logic works or it doesn't work. No buttons are being pushed here and I'm proving that even in these conditions, I'm not as precise, which is exactly what we're trying to focus on here, showing how you are going to avoid that same condition going forward. Cuz if you don't understand where the potholes are, you're going to fly over top of them and just slam right in it, and it's going to do what? It's going to mess your alignment up. It's going to tear up your alignment. Just like in your car, if you hit a big old pothole, boom. What happens? Your alignment's off. You might still drive. It might not pull that much to the right or to the left, but given enough time, what happens? It wears your tires away prematurely. More costs. That means you're going to be doing things differently. You're going to steer to the right or to the left when your trading should have been straight ahead. You've been affected now. Your bearings have been deviated from. And you're going to incur more loss because those wear and tear on the tires, that's the wear and tear on your equity. You're going to be constantly taking on more trades, more losing, more drawdown than is necessary if you would have learned a lesson like this one, understanding where there's going to be problem areas in the marketplace. And try not to force the issue. Don't try to head, you know, don't go 55 mph into a pothole when you know that that's going to be likely the scenario going forward in the marketplace for that given session or that day. Why are you flooring it? You're flooring it. And you're trying to correct every issue, oversteering. And then it causes you to crash, too. So, all these factors, all these things as a new trader, as a new student you have no idea how to you appreciate those types of lessons because you think it's push a button, get me in, make me money, like it's a video game. It's so much more than that. Way more than that. And books and courses you know, they don't do it. Like you got to sit with somebody and let them walk you through it. Step by step, candle by candle over time and you'll see, oh yeah, I get it now. Nobody Nobody in in Twitterville, okay, or YouTube, would have been able to outline all this mess beforehand and navigate it efficiently. And if they'd done so, and if they were profitable, if they are online and they're saying they did it with skill, that's nonsense. Because anybody with any measure of experience would know that you're just getting lucky in this sloppy chop mess. And that was a very painful thing for me. Because I was attributing it as skill when I was getting lucky in the early days and it was not luck. It was just No, it was luck, rather. It wasn't skill, it was blind luck. And it was a very bitter pill. You know, see, I would want to see I could have went down the consequent encroachment, this gap right here. It needs to really tear off and take out these highs. These are relatively equal. And if it does so, go above that, it needs to rip through it, not go above it and come back down in. So, look at this right here and this will hopefully be the last one we talk about. Come on here. So, this fair value gap here with the order block, it dropped down into it, we rallied. I'd want to see it really tear off, not come back down into this again. It need not do that. It needs to go above these relatively equal highs and not return back into that. It needs to accelerate through. You know, what would that mean for a trade, okay? Um right now, we would have hypothetically five handles. And the stop would have to be below here for any partials if if you've taken something off, your stop would be right there, below the fair value gap. And it's below the order block. And if it went down and hit you out, or if it touches this line, you'd have to be content with the five handles that you would have taken as a partial. But look how hard even five handles is in this condition. We're bumping up against that old low. Let me go back up to a 5-minute chart just for a second. It's It's right here. It's just hanging around below that. But look what we've done. We went low, lower, lower. That was not confirmed with the Nasdaq. That's not an indicator, okay? It's It's the price action of the Nasdaq. The what's occurring when that happens is my my belief in it is this, because the Nasdaq was unwilling to make a lower low when the when the S&P made a lower low here. The fact that it was unable to do so in the Nasdaq, it's like a crack in correlation, because in a perfect world, S&P, Dow, and Nasdaq should be going the same direction. And as long as they're making higher highs equally, respectively. In other words, if higher highs are being met in ES, they should be met in the Nasdaq, and they should be met in the Dow. If at any time they don't do those things, then there's something going on behind the scenes that is probably noteworthy. Let me go down to the one minute chart. And typically, it means that there's some kind of an intermediate-term shift in the marketplace, traditionally. But when you have these types of conditions like this, it makes it harder for that to be delivered. And that would be a stop out, so you'd have to be content with whatever partial at five handles, there it's done. So, yeah, I I wish I could do more with what we have here, but the market's going to give us what the market's going to give us, right? I'm actually interested to see if it rips now because of me sharing that low right here cuz a lot of you are probably taking this as a live trade. Oh, I got stopped out and they ran it up to 4121. Now, here's a Here's a scenario for you. Say that I was in a trade. I took a partial off here at five into this breaker. Fine, wonderful. And I rolled the stop up here. Great. It hits it and stops it out. Would there be a way for me to back go back in if it were not a day like today? How would I do that? How would I re-engage the marketplace? Well, we have this mitigation block right here, last up close candle, which is a breaker. Low, high, lower low. Last up close candle in that high, extend that forward. If we were to trade above it, come back down and touch it as support, I would use that as a entry technique and use the consequent encroachment of this fair value gap as a stop. And I would look for first partial here and then aim for consequent encroachment of this gap. That's what I would do. So, I'm using each one of these PD arrays kind of like a stair step or like a mountain climber. They look Where is their next grab point? Where is their next part for or point on the the surface of the mountain or cliff where they're going to put their foot at. When they get there, where's the next thing they're going to do? I'm looking at price like that. Whereas I'm not relying on trend lines or uh something else. I don't know what else you would refer to. This is actually one of the best things that could have happened today because it will filter out who's lazy. And I've had so many people come and they're like, "Oh, I'm going to learn this. I'm going to do this." And then they realize how much work is involved. And like, "Oh, yeah, it's easier for me to go here and get this indicator." Go ahead. I'll see you in a couple years. Now, look at the range that's been formed between uh 9 What is that? 950? Is that 950? 951. So, 951 to 1028. Just consolidating sideways. Everybody wants a breakout. That's what everybody's waiting for. They want to see this spring finally get released in one direction or the other. It's going to go higher or lower. At this point, I think it is going to go higher. We still have a lot of uh divergence on that Nasdaq versus that low in the S&P. So, take a step back for a moment and think about what we've talked about this morning. And I'll try to wind this thing down. We looked at the idea that the sell side below that uh 4113 level would be attacked. It It was. It hasn't been a lot of movement below that. We keep reaching lower, but each low has been shallow. Making lower lows, yes, but they're shallow. And at the same time when we hit that 41650 level, which was outlined from the regular session hours, go back and listen to the video. I'll sh- I'll show you exactly where it's at. This lower low here is not being met with the Nasdaq while we hit 410650 after taking sell-side liquidity and nothing really happening after the session open at 9:30. So, all those factors, you know, converging on one another. And we mentioned the um volume imbalance here. It offered it, and then from here up to the breaker, that's five handles. Five handles in slop. Eventually getting stopped out. If you used the logic I would have used if I was in a trade, I would have been stopped out on the balance. If anything was left over, I would have been removed from that position here. But still better than the entry down here at the volume imbalance. The takeaway is right now, given everything I've outlined this morning and why it should be like this all night, why we would expect it to be like this, you don't want to force it or try to trade in these conditions because it's harder. It's much, much more harder than it needs to be. There's There's other conditions and market setups that are going to be a lot better for you as a trader to focus on than that of doing it simply because you have time. You took the day off because ICT's live streaming. All right, so now we have a nice run above the breaker. Watch. Now, you think I got to wait for the trade away and come back down. You can trade right in that breaker. I shouldn't say it that way cuz you're going to take it as an entry. Watch and see if the price if it can come back down and just touch the top of this. In the same candle, it can do that. It does not need to leave and come back to it. It can. That's fine. That's how I teach it. Okay, let me fix this. There you go. So, again, be mindful of the low here. I'm going to take this away so we can look more at the chart. So, the divergence between the Nasdaq failing to make that lower low. So, this is like a turtle soup. How do you trade turtle soup? It takes the low out. It's at a level I already predefined, which is the 410650 level we we mapped out earlier this morning. And then we wait for something to indicate that it's going to go higher. So, what is that? We have a failure in Nasdaq making a lower low. It didn't do so when the when the S&P did go lower. Then we rally. So, we did rally. Do I need a shift in market structure on it? No. The turtle soups don't require that. That's totally different. You're trading external range liquidity when you're trading turtle soup. What is that? The low here has sell side. It takes that sell side here. Then it breaks away. All I need is one PD array. It could be a fair value gap. It could be the last down close candle if there's a fair value gap afterwards forming. Or in this case as I outlined, see that volume imbalance? There it is. It trades down into it and then rallies. I told you that the stop will be below that volume imbalance with a logic that I've been teaching consistently throughout all the concepts. If you're bullish, you got to have find a PD that's a discount and you have to have it show you a defined level where below midpoint of a fair value gap or a order block after a sell side liquidity pool has been rallied, you you went below it. Then you can trust where your stock can be placed. I'd like to see it run from here. It doesn't necessarily need to trade back down here. I would like it to not do it though. But if it hit it, I would expect it to react and go to the buy side there. I tell you man, I drank two bottles of water and it feels like I got a gallon. It's working through me. Another thing um new traders feel that is is a source of trouble is if they get into a trade and they get stopped out and they have to get back in to to get the the final portion of the move they were hoping for. They think that that is a lack of skill. No, it's not a lack of skill. If you're aware that you can still engage the marketplace and enter again, how's that a lack of skill? It's not a lack of skill. You're still seeing opportunity, you're engaging. All right, so now watch this one. We hit the breaker here, we ran above it, trade back down in, we completely repriced through the breaker. See this down close candle over here? We have the fair value gap, order block, half of that mean threshold, so we'll use well, it's got to be below the old low cuz that's what this level is here. So, if you were trying to use this as an entry, your stop would have to be below the old low. So, you use like the rejection block here, which is this price. That closing price right there. I'm trying to see it here. 41 12 50. And again, observe how difficult or how fast it fails on it. And you'll see when we have a much more cleaner day, how it's much more engaging. But, these are the lessons in that right there. I think it would have been Is it 12 50? Yep. It's that right there. It's much cleaner price action. It's faster. You'll see the runs easier. And you'll see everybody having a a different carnival-like atmosphere. volume imbalance Now, looking at this, we rallied up. We failed to take out that high. We're back below that old low. Remember the old low that I was telling you about for where the sell side was? That's this over here. So, we're returning back into that old low. Might want to sweep a little bit. There's nothing down here with the exception of this old fair value gap. That's the only inefficiency, but it's been repriced, too. Does it need to come back down into It could touch that again. But, if it traded down below this, then it's then we're going lower on the day, not just to take out the low, but we're going lower on the day. And why do I say that? Because we've spent lots of time trying to go lower below that old low, which is this level here. We tried multiple times going back above it. And we tried once more here. And we failed. So, the last line in the the the sand, if you will, for any potential run up into that old gap from yesterday's trading, it would have to mount that rally into this fair value gap higher. Otherwise, below that, we go lower below this. And that would look like uh Let's see here. Trying to get a daily chart with the nothing on it. See this candle's high? Look right here. This candle's high at 4091.25. If we take out the low again, we could expand down into that area there. And we're we're below the fair value gap now, so This is very very difficult for me to have all this stuff on the chart and talk to you about it, but I guess there's no other way for me to communicate for you to track what it is I'm seeing. So, with the exception of that divergence in the Nasdaq not making that lower low, we're still just con- consolidating. How far, if it takes out that low, can it go? Well, I'll show you on the daily chart. Here to here. So, 4095.25 and then 4091.25, watch that fair value gap that we had here. I can bump up a up underneath that. Treat that as resistance. And I'm aware that this probably looks like I'm enticing you to do a lot of trades. None of these are trades. These are all observations for you to study and see which one would you trust more as a trader? Which one makes more sense to you pattern-wise, if you want to call it that. I didn't mark that level. It's one standard deviation, is what I'm measuring. So, basically what I'm doing is I'm taking this high down to that low, and it's like a fulcrum point. I'm watching to see if there's any sensitivity once it hits that fair value gap. It can trade into the fair value gap into consequent encroachment with this wick, too. So, just be mindful that I'm looking at that. So, it can hit that and then trade below this for sell-side. Um but anyway, I was saying was this high the fib is essentially anchored to Where is it? Great. There. So, this point and this point here is what I'm putting the fib on. And this is acting as a fulcrum point. So, if it were to go lower, if it was to go below this low, how far can it go? The same distance from this low to that high, you know, projected from that low down. That would be one standard deviation. So, one standard deviation is that. And then that daily old high, which would reprice that entire uh buy-side imbalance, sell-side inefficiency, which I know is a a lot of things being said that most of you probably wouldn't understand, but go back and listen to the video. I just showed you on the daily chart what I was referring to. Uh but that would be a level I would look for if it was to take out that low there. And then maybe as much as that if it were to come out of, you know, out of the blue with a with a down day. And I think that's going to be it. There you go. When it's clean, you won't have all of these conflicting PD arrays. How do you know which one to use? How do you know which one to pick? Most of the time you're asking that during periods of consolidation like that. And this is the problem with trading this environment. You won't know. Whereas if you have a run that's established and it's clearly making a way to a old high or old low or something above the marketplace that would be inefficient. That tendency to want to go that direction strongly makes it easy to see which PD array exists cuz it doesn't have a plethora of conflicting you know fair value gap and volume imbalance um order blocks. They're all converging in small little range between the high formed at 9:51 and the low formed at 10:28. So, if the market's being held in consolidation as we clearly see it is here, every time it creates a an area where I would like to participate in, it doesn't guarantee it's going to deliver. It just means that there's more of them forming and because there's more of them forming, there's conflicted analysis presented by that. So, it's imagining your best buy scenario or setup and your best sell scenario forming at the same time, which one do you use? Think, which which one are you going to use? Who knows, right? And that's the problem with trading in conflicted consolidations like this. You You don't know. No matter what pattern, whatever methodology you use, it's going to present both sides of the coin constantly. It's going to keep flipping the coin and heads has enough opportunities in the day to lose money and tails has enough opportunities to lose money in the day. And you don't realize before long, you know, you've wrecked yourself and you've done damage to yourself in drawing down, losing, and then at the end of the day you look at it, "Oh, I wish I I saw it. I knew it was consolidated. I knew it was choppy." But woulda shoulda coulda doesn't put the money back in your account, does it? And it doesn't fix the the pride issue that you feel. You have to know with a great deal of conviction where is it likely to go next? I cannot make this any more paramount than than I'm trying to do today. You have to know. You have to know where is it going? And I know there's going to be people that say, "You don't know if it's going to go there." No, nobody knows with a great deal of a surety that it's going to go there. But you can look at price action and measure from previous price runs and what price usually does. And it's never an indication of what it's going to do in the future. It's not a guarantee. It doesn't mean it's going to you know, pan out that same way. It just means that all things being equal, it's likely to do a run to an old low or an old high. Whatever one is likely to occur in a better, cleaner environment where it's not being held in consolidation like this. The market's not being permitted to move. So when it's like this, you're forced to sit on your hands. And then wait for it to move, get out of this mess, and not necessarily a breakout cuz I'm not a breakout trader. But once it moves and goes to a higher level timeframe key level, then we can anticipate a specific price run. And then it's easier to do that because when those occur, excuse me, the uh my stomach is talking to me. I'm starving. There's a volume balance in here. It's touching the top of the fair value gap there and we're back in this volume balance there. So we're still dead center midpoint of the range between 951 and 1020 or was it 28? Watch this one. So, we have a fair value gap in here. A swing high is broken. Volume imbalance. Watch and see if there's any reaction after repricing to it in here. This lower here We're in consolidation, so you got to look and see what has been taken recently. Sell side's been taken. So, where is the buy side? Even in consolidations, it's going to run from buy side to sell side, buy side to sell side. What is it just recently taken? Sell side. So, there's buy side and there's the delivery to the 4121 level. Now, that doesn't mean anything. Means absolutely nothing. But, what did you learn today? You learned how to anticipate choppy opens at 9:30. You've discovered what it's like to be in high resistance liquidity runs, which is nerve-racking. It's very frustrating. You've seen the potential turning point with the SMT between the Nasdaq low and S&P. You've seen the conflicting analysis that even though there may be a fair value gap, there may be a order block, there may be a volume imbalance. Without having a clear idea where the market's likely to go, like where is it wanting to go? If you don't have that, everything else is going to hurt you. And if the market's not going to move, nothing's going to work. It's going to go back and forth, back and forth. But when you get closer to that lunch hour and usually around 10:50 to 10:10 in that area, there's a lunch macro. Okay, 10:50 to 11:10. I want you annotate this on your charts every day. Study what price is doing. Oh, don't do that. Okay, annotate your chart like that and just I guess record it annotate it in the way where you know what you're you're referencing there. New York lunch macro. In your notes it'd be better if you had your annotation visible, right? Okay, cool. And you want to study when the market's consolidating. Okay, you're going to get that price run between 10:50 and 11:10. What that does is it's a it's kind of like the last ditch before yes, traders do take lunch. Okay, they absolutely do take lunch. The algorithm doesn't take lunch. But it likes to stimulate the the volume and sentiment going into that lunch hour. Because lunch hour can be a pause and continuation of a trending day or it can be a reversal or it could just stay sideways and do nothing and chop. Here's the wonderful thing about this 10:50 till 11:10. It doesn't matter which one of those conditions are there. You're going to see a move form between 10:50 and 11:10. And what is likely to occur is where hasn't that liquidity been tapped into yet? That's what I'm walking you through here. We've already seen sell side taken. Where's buy side? Here. And we're about line to here. And if it goes to that level, it's going to expand up into that area here. Now, if it was taken out that low here, I mentioned that we would look for it to go here. We didn't take the low out. We took a market shift bullish here. I told you watch this one here. Even if it just trades in there, that's where you enter. It's called close proximity entries. You don't need a breaker. Okay, you don't need a breaker to trade above and come back down and touch it. You can do that. That's how I taught it. But I don't I don't require just that. If I know where I'm likely to see price go to, buy side and buy side between 10:50 and 11:10, you're going to see a price run that's originating then. It will happen regardless if there's a consolidation day, a reversal day, or is it trend continuation after lunch? It doesn't matter. You're going to see a price run begin at that It's a small little segment of price action and in time. And it's going to run for liquidity. It's going to run for the liquidity that has not been tapped yet. And that's what you're seeing here. Okay? Uh the levels inside the the consolidation between uh 9:20 I'm sorry, 9:51 and 10:28. While they're in there, everything is going to be conflicting. But once you get to 10:50 to 10 I'm sorry, 10:50 to 11:10, that lunch macro, and you've seen me do executions of this on my Twitter feed. It's based on this logic. You have to look for where hasn't it been tapped into yet? What hasn't been affected? Who hasn't been upset? Where is the pain threshold for the people that feel the safest? Well, anyone with a stop above this high felt safest, especially when it dropped from here. And when it went down lower than that low there, and then it created short-term high, traded back down in, and then rally after that fair value gap. Once it ripped higher above here, that is a shift in market structure during a specific time of day, 10:50 to the 11:10. That's algorithmic. It has nothing to do with harmonic patterns. It has nothing to do with Elliott Wave. Nothing supply and demand. It's absolutely internally built. It's part of it. It's codified. It's code. It's there. It will run for liquidity that has not been tapped. Now, this many times can be a key point for the day, and it never returns back down below it or above it in reference to if it was going lower. I'm not teaching it for you to have that understanding alone. It's for you to study how to If you're watching these consolidation days like this, study between 10:50 and 11:10 and see if you don't get a price run like this. Don't take my word for it. Go back and through charts and go forward with it. We've seen how they Excuse me, they opened it. And work that old low multiple times. Inducing new shorts to chase it going lower. I mentioned this level down here. That's a fulcrum point. It has to go below that low. If it goes below that low, then it could see lower prices, but it didn't go lower than that. We had sell side taken. This right here, this return back down in. I'm sorry. Into that fair value gap right here. That price run to here. This is your last like bus stop before you get to your your destination. If you don't get on that bus, you ain't getting on it. That's why I said watch this one here. As soon as it traded into it or into this candle here, as close as you can get inside that volume imbalance. That's it. Now, watch what happens. I'm going to look in this small little segment of price action right here. Okay. Actually, I mean, I didn't I moved it wrong. Sorry. Let me Let me try to do it right. Okay. And inside this little area, I'm going to change the color to uh um yellow. It stands out. It's not perfect, but it's enough to get our attention. So, I'm going to drop down into a 15-second chart. What do you see? I'm not going to say it, but what do you see? Two down close candles. High. Low. Fair value gap. Order block. Inside the volume imbalance. It trades down to it. And then, boom. That's your lunch macro. Right there. Using the 15-second chart. So, when you see me doing these big run-ups and I'm building and building and building, I may be recording the 1-minute chart, but you're not seeing me using all the other charts in front of me. Then I'm looking at that. That right there is my my hammer, okay? And when I swing that, it gives those big nice price runs. So, don't run away from this lesson thinking I'm beating my chest, look how smart I am, because I was showing you even in these conditions, it's difficult for me as well. And how you need to identify what it's likely to do to you as a trader. How does it How did it feel for you today? Watching price action, were you frustrated? Were you anxious? Were you second-guessing? Were you thinking that, you know, they changed the algorithm? They're not changing okay? The bottom line is it's going to stay like this. It's going to continuously do this. But the markets are going to do one of three things, okay? It's going to consolidate, or it's going to go higher, or it's going to go lower. That's it. That's That's the only things that can happen, or they don't trade that day because of a holiday. So, the those things are pretty straightforward. And unless you can frame the outcome to the market's likely to go higher to this level, this is my magnet and price is drawing liquidity. This is where the market's going to reach to. If you can't clearly see that in your analysis, you are gambling. And I don't care what methodology you use or who you taught or who taught you and you know, any doesn't matter. Unless you know where it's likely to go to, there's no way you can be consistent. None. Zero. Because every logic, even mine, if it's forced into the wrong conditions where the market's not not going to move, even it will fail. All my PD arrays will fail if the market's not going anywhere. You have to have the most important element. Time. Time. Nothing is going to happen in price action until it reaches a specific time of day. A day of week, a week of the month, month of the year. Seasonality. All those factors come together. They agree like like pins in a tumbler. You know, the lock turns. Everything comes together perfectly when it's all those other factors, but you just can't frame the whole trade idea on the basis of a simple order block or a fair value gap. There has to be other things. And you can see when you're met with additional difficulty, it's it's next to impossible to feel confident. But when time enters the equation in the chat, things change. Okay? Things change. Things become a little bit more clear. And it's like this in the last hour of trading, too. There's three macros that run in that last 3 hour in that last hour trading between 3:00 and 4:00, there's three specific macros. Not every day does all three of them occur. Usually two, but always one of them. I'm going to teach you those this year. I will be in the PM session doing them. But today, I want you to record how you felt. Don't communicate to me to Twitter cuz I'm not reading anything on Twitter. Twitter is just for me posting. Like I'm I'm when I tweet something, I'm casting it out there into the abyss. Whoever's listening's going to listen. If you're going to ignore it, that's fine. I don't I'm not looking for likes. You don't even need to like them anymore. It's just for me to be a reach out to you on days that I'm not doing the live sessions. So, if you've enjoyed today, it doesn't necessarily mean that you found it easy, but if you found some insight from this, if it makes sense to see and understand when it's difficult, how to navigate it, what to do with it, uh if it was helpful to you, then give it a thumbs up. Otherwise, I'll just catch you on the next one. I don't know when it will be the second one this week. So, uh today's Tuesday. I'm I'm quite certain it won't be tomorrow. So, it'll either be Thursday or Friday we'll do our next one, but I will tweet that schedule in time when we would be meeting again by way of Twitter. Okay? So, hopefully, you you got something out of this. If not, I apologize. I can't make the market do what I want it to do. I have to wait for it to do what I know it's likely to do. And there'll be better market days. I promise that you will be smiling, but you should be happy about this one because it's teaching you where you're going to lose money and blow your account. If you don't identify it, you will fall victim to that like everybody else has done in the past. You won't know it's coming until it's too late. So, until next time, be safe.
