================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2023 ICT Mentorship
VIDEO: Wednesday May 24, 2023 Forex & Spooz Market Review
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZfnY2SH3G24
================================================================================

Welcome back, folks. It's going to be a brief one here today. Take a look at this wrist that's going before we begin. All right. So we are going to go over the dollar index, Euro dollar and E- mini S&P again today. So yesterday evening I did a live stream. You guys can find that recording on my YouTube channel. Every time I do a live stream, it will be added to the 2023 mentorship playlist. So that way you can find it there. Um, if you want to look at the tab on my YouTube channel that says live, it'll be the one prior to this one. So if you have not watched that one from last night, it would be better for you to watch it then come back to this one cuz otherwise it's going to seem like cherry picking, right? [laughter] So, here's the weekly chart here of the dollar index. And I mentioned last night that I wanted to see price draw up into the low and open specifically of this bullish candle. This is a bearish order block on the weekly chart for dollar index. Uh we had that delivered today rather handsomely. And I mentioned that I would use this shaded area here which is this fair value got between this candle's low, this candle's high. I would treat it as an inversion gap, okay? Or an inversion fair value gap. So in other words, it would act as support. And we'll take a closer look at that when we drop down on the lower time frame. Now, this is our daily chart. So that same weekly bearish order block opening price, I'm extending that here on the daily chart. You can see how today for Wednesday, the 24th of May, 2023, you're going to hear all the ambiance outside, by the way. I'm out back. So you have the price opening and dropping down into Monday's high. Notice that. So we open trade down into that shaded area I told you that would be treated as a inversion fair value gap. So think of it as support and more specifically it trades to Monday's high. Now when it does this it opens and trades down and goes right to that candle's high. That is my immediate rebalance. Whenever that occurs, that is very powerful in terms of if you know where the market's going, put it that way. You have to have that obviously going forward. So, if you don't know what the draw and liquidity is or where the market's likely to reach to, whether it be for stops or inefficiency for the purposes of rebalancing or repricing, the immediate rebalance isn't going to help you all that much. But if you do have a bias, and I shared mine last night, I told you that we would be looking for this very level here. uh it traded down into Monday's high. That's an immediate rebalance and you can see the performance on the dollar index as a result and subsequently after doing so that lends well to weakness on euro and other foreign currencies. But we have to take it one step further. Just keep that in mind that when it hits this level here, this weekly bearish order block opening price, that's important because that was my target. Now, I don't know what to expect going forward. I don't want to I don't want to guess. And to be honest with you, I'm a little out of sorts today cuz my older boxer, I have two dogs, uh, Bella, she collapsed today. So, we've been a emotional wreck. So, I don't have a great deal of clarity to be able to focus on what I think is going to happen going forward. So, I'm just looking at what we've done today and just review it in that site. So, again, you know, we're not looking at the intraday for dollar index. You're welcome to do that on your own charts, but on the Euro dollar, uh the weekly chart here, I mentioned that we would likely draw towards this order block here. And we had a little bit of movement towards that today. Um admittedly it was a little bit of a a wonky session and it was up and down, up and down. And we'll look into that as we drop in the lower time frame. Here's the daily chart. As I just mentioned on the dollar index, we're seeing the mirror image on euro. Okay, so our bias was bearish for euro and bullish for dollar. And we saw today we opened, we traded up to Monday's low, which is an immediate rebalance. Then price starts to go lower. Notice these two candles over here. They're relative equal lows. And then we have the fair value gap here and then weekly bullish order block. So I still believe in favor this as a downside draw euro. And it can still do that even if the dollar index this trades in consolidation. you could just find some further weakness on the downside. I don't see anything bullish here for Euro dollar. That's what I'm getting at on the hourly chart for Euro dollar. You can see that Monday low which is being shown here and it's the immediate rebalance here. Intraday we had the high here and high here it's relative equal highs and that's going to be treated as retail resistance. traders will see that and we did in fact get the sellside liquidity pool targeted as I mentioned last night in the live stream that will be a downside draw then it rallied up bumped and engaged all the buy side liquidity there and then again that Monday immediate rebalance on Monday's low for Euro dollar that's what this level is here and then we had displacement to the downside now we have relative equal lows again and I'm keeping this in the chart so that way you can kind [clears throat] of I frame that 107ish big figure level is still a draw in my opinion on the downside. Watch this in efficiency here. This sellside imbalance buy side in efficiency and we have relative equal highs. So it could stab up in there and and then maybe resume lower. It's kind of like what I would expect going into Asia into London. Okay, the five-minute chart going right into the A.M. session. And you can see how the market ran up into the Monday low. This is the immediate rebalance and the market tapped it one more time and then we broke a swing low here. So, we had a shift in market structure. And then we have our time of 10 to 11. That's when we're looking for our AM session ICT silver bullet trade. We can use a fair value gap that formed prior to 10:00 a.m. You would get this entry here. Or if you want to stick to only taking a fair value gap inside of the hour window of 10:00 a.m. and 11:00 a.m. New York focal time, you would get this fill here. Both of them are good because the rejection block, even if we don't get down below these lows here, the rejection block is the lowest closing price. And you learn this in my PDA matrix in the core content for my IC mentorship all on the YouTube channel. So you can go and find it. If we have relative equal lows and you're looking for a target, it's many times better to have a partial, know it's getting out with a profit at the rejection block if you have multiple wicks like this because it could just go down into this order flow here where the bodies are showing it and not ever really break below the wicks because the wicks do the damage. The bodies are where the the narrative is really derived at. Okay? So, it tells you the story. You can see that rejection block, which is the lowest of all these close, I'm sorry, all these down close candles. The lowest one with the lowest close is this one here. That's why is my rejection block. You can see it does in fact reach for that. And that price for the rejection block is 1.07506. And you're up here in the 72s or the 74s to get short on either one of these. am session I should see silver bullets. So is it more than 15 pips to to offer a short? Yes. So it's significantly uh valid to take either one of these for a short. So again for the the guy that said it doesn't work in forex. Again here's another example of that using the bias I shared last night. E- mini S&P. This is our daily chart. And I mentioned that we would be bullish on E- Mini S&P until we lost the mean threshold of the order block here and this fair value gap as well. Uh they were like discount arrays I was looking for and I said if we lost that we would go down and clear up some of the sellside liquidity. And I'll take you into that chart and show you [clears throat] when we get in lower time frames. We're going into a holiday weekend and there's a lot of potential for things to go off. I'll just say it that way without saying anything more. Uh to for the folks that are familiar with me, when I talk on my Twitter spaces, I do sometimes refer to tinfoil hat discussions. Um this is a a long weekend and senators have been offered satellite phones. So you you read between the lines. Uh there may be some urgency for price to uh move lower and then sell that narrative. Okay. So at that fear narrative and we do have relative equal lows here. There's sellside remaining there. I think what we'll be doing tonight is most likely going into the opening range gap to close that in. And we'll take a look at that as now dropping into the lower time frame. Here's hourly chart. These are the lows where the southside would be rated. I said this in video last night, so you can go watch it. You know, about 10,000 11,000 of you watch me talk about it live. And I said if we lost the mean threshold and the fair value gap up here, if it didn't offer support, this would be treated as inversion fair value gap. You can see we did go up, offered consequent encouragement here, and then sold off attacking the sell side liquidity pool. And notice the bodies of the candles over here. See where all the bodies are stopping right at that low. So, it's only going after that liquidity and then coming back up into reaching for a short-term premium 15-minute candlestick chart. There's buy side liquidity pull up here. And this is this morning. We had news at 8:30. You had a sell side imbalance buy side and deficiency here which up into that and then displacement to the downside and clearing up all those sell stops resting below that 4120 level in the afternoon uh final hour of the trading. You can see that we had a shift in market structure here came back down into a bullish fair value gap. This is a buy side and balance sell side and efficiency and order block. Then we started to see price rally back up into this fair value gap, but more specifically, it's into the opening range gap. And I'll show you what that is. Here's a five-minute chart. And for trading futures, there's a separation [snorts] between sessions. And if you look at where we closed on Tuesday and where we opened here using the regular trading hours tab on trading deal, okay, this is how you get that information. Usually it'll say ETH, which is electronic trading hours. When you have it on a five-minute chart or, you know, 15 or 1 minute or whatever, uh you can toggle it and it'll show you the gap that would exist as soon as we start trading the normal regular day session. So, when we have that, that gap right there, it's likely to fill. But when there's a strong bias and I was telling you what that bias was last night and I was suggesting that we would see what dollar higher up to that weekly bearish order blocks opening price that would send Euro dollar weaker and also it would put some willingness to see sell models come into the equities market and we've seen yes there's a gap here and usually it's a good idea to avoid shorting when there's gap like this. But when there's a strong narrative in in play, it'll usually go for the objective, which is that 4120 level. Again, watch last night's live stream. And that's where the sell stops and the rate on those would be if we lost the mean threshold that I mentioned for ES the S&P market because we had that gap lower and it was so close to getting down into take those stops. It just opened, rolled right down into it, consolidated around here until noon. Why did it turn here? We'll get into that in a little bit, but right now, just know that that turning point here at noon is something I teach anyway, but there's a there's a a confluence of of events occurring there. Not only is it New York launch, it's it's the midpoint of the day and we had our objective met for the downside and silver bullet. We'll look for that here inside of the one minute chart. Okay, we have up close candle here, which is a bearish order block after it's been broken. So, a shift and change in the state of delivery. the market trades back up into that here during the 10 to 11 o'clock window. So for a one minute chart, you might look at this and say, "Well, I I don't really see a a fair value gap there, Michael. I don't I don't see it. So therefore, it doesn't work." No. If you listen to my Twitter spaces and I've also mentioned it in the live session last night where I'm looking for inefficiencies and how I look at certain inefficiencies and know with a great deal of certainty that they won't fully completely fill in or rebalance uh because of lower time frames offering multiple passes in between ranges. Okay? And again, if you haven't watched last night's video or live stream, that's going to go right over your head and it's going to be of no help to you. But when you watch that video from last night, I go into great detail how to read real order flow. We're going to take this insight in what we're looking at with this bearish order block in between 10 and 11:00. As I mentioned in last night's session and also many times in Twitter spaces, I don't look just at a one minute chart. So I have a intraday matrix where I look at 45-second charts, 30-second charts, 15-second charts, 5-second charts, and 1second charts. That means every individual candle is as many as 1 second, 5-second, 15-second, 30 second, 45 second. So I go beneath a 1 minute time frame. If I know that I have a very strong bias, which is that 4120 level, again, I pointed to that last night. if we lost the uh last defense for the the the bulls for EMA S&P I said then we would sweep out this very level here. Okay. So if that's the draw on liquidity and we saw that cuz we broke down. We lost all the last line of defense for discounter rates to send ES higher. And in fact we saw that supported with the idea that the dollar index was in fact reaching up into its weekly bearish order block. the level I mentioned at the beginning of this video and what I called for last night. Because of those factors in agreement, we could look at this area in here and break that down into a lower time frame. Even still, this is a one minute chart. So, every one minute interval is represented by one candlestick here. This level here, this red line, we're going to look at that now on a 15-second chart. That's this is that same order block. Okay. So, inside that order block, everything north of this line going up here, all that price action, we we look inside that and we inspect it to see if there's any inefficiencies. And lo and behold, here we have it right there. So, when the market tries to back up into that order block, it's not just simply because we're going into an order block that makes it a short. Just because it's going up into any old random up close candle doesn't make it an ICT bearish order block. There has to be a narrative. That means it's going to want to draw down into the liquidity below 4120. It's drawing up into a short-term premium. Algorithms can short only when it runs higher. That's how smart money operates. When it rallies up into this inefficiency, this fair value gap, they go short. Then the market starts to spool lower, attacking that sell side. So there's your AM ICT silver bullet. As I mentioned, I don't just simply trade on a one minute chart. I can do lots of these types of trades all day long. And if I was showing it to you on a five-minute chart or a 15-inute chart, you would be lost as to why I would be getting in and getting out, but yet still be profitable. It's these lower, very, very small time frames that I'm working with. And you can parlay your account up once you know what you're doing. Even on ugly days, really choppy, messy days, if you want to go in and find your five handles, you can use this method here. Okay, so it's a way of dissecting and looking with X-ray view into real order flow when you have a narrative when the market's likely to go to a a predetermined level for either inefficiency or liquidity. In this case, I mentioned last night, if we lost that mean threshold on EM S&P, then we would go lower and sweep out that 4120 level where the sell side liquidity was. And we did in fact do that here. Is it a viable trade to take that? Well, if this is the stops at 4120, is it unreasonable to see it go down three handles below that? No, of course not. Because there's liquidity resting below there. So if we went down to 4117.75 and assuming 4127.75 is where you'd be getting in at. What's the minimum minimum criteria for a high probability ICT [clears throat] silver bullet trade? It's got to offer what? 10 handles. Can it offer 10 handles in range to get that move? Yes. So this meets the criteria. Okay. So the stuff works, folks. ultimate delivers it right here. A couple minutes after 11:00, 10 handles from up here. You wouldn't see that unless you had the information that's being offered in a platform that offers these time frames. Trading View just so happens to offer that. So, it's a really good platform. I like it. It allows me to teach, you know, comprehensively and a lot of my students use it, too. So, um I know everybody else has these platforms of choice like Ninja Trader and uh [clears throat] Trade Station. I'm familiar with Trad Station and all these other things that are available. I have to find a way to to be able to meet the masses collectively. And I choose this mod, this medium. And uh when my community said use this as an alternative to MT4, I went here and I'm I'm glad that I did do that because it allows all of us as a community to come together and see the same thing. I'm not all that proficient with using it. My students are teaching me all the time new things. Moving on now, when we got down below that 4120 level, this was the first pass here during the silver bullet trade. Notice there's no obvious in inefficiency, right? Because we're looking at on a 5minute chart. But that's that first pass through. Then it trades lower and then it goes down to 10 handles lower right there at that 417.75 level. That's the low right there. Okay. Then at noon, it makes the low of the day. At the same time, look what's occurring in the dollar index. Goes right up into our weekly bearish order block opening price. This right here, this right there occurring at the same time we're below the stops and inside that sellside liquidity pool marks the end of the day. We're done. So now, what's it going to do? It's going to consolidate until the last hour of the day. Why? Because dollar has met our target. It's chopping around in here. Index futures are going to work towards going into what? Remember that opening range I showed you? There's a fly trying to trying to land on me. This is that shaded area here on the opening range. In other words, this this right here. So that's regular trading hours being shown on a fiveminute chart. on a five-minute chart here with electronic trading hours. So, you see the ETH down here in the lower right hand corner. It's showing the price action on electronic trading hours. The last hour of trading, 3:00 going into 4 New York session. Obviously, it trades till 5 and stops until a restart at 6 p.m. for index futures. But, we're seeing a displacement to the upside. There's a shift in market structure here. We have inbounds fair value gap and three consecutive down close candles order block. Draw that out in time hits it trades in the uh fair value gap here and then works towards doing what? Getting up into that gap that it hadn't worked inside of all day. Remember it opened here and spent all this time down here. shift in market structure after 12:00 which is a normal time when we see what a lunch reversal with this gap up here. I'm expecting to see and I don't know cuz I'm talking to you live right now. It's 5 minutes after 6. I would expect to see it trade up into 4158 close that in and then see if it's willing to go any higher and maybe uh maybe bump this uh liquidity here in that little gap there. But more specifically, I would like to see all this filled in. Now, let's assume for a moment that it trades up and hits that, closes it in, and then we start to fall again. Dollar would have to be going higher. And if that's the case, then we'll be looking for, let me go back up to a we'll be looking for these lows here to be taken out, these relative equal lows on the S&P. So, you guys got a chance to see me uh cherrypick in the future a daily candle, a weekly candle, and it delivered like we outlined last night. Um, this stuff works. Um, I don't know how else to prove it except for over and over and over again, showing it to you, calling it, and outlining it, and it performs. the setups. You know, you have to try to do your best to keep from wanting to be impatient to try to make money right away. And you know, you're going to learn patience by not trying to worry about the money and learn, understand, and grow in learning how to know where these draws of liquidity are going to be. It it doesn't happen overnight. And nothing I have, nothing anybody else has is going to be able to help you get there faster. You just have to keep showing up every day. I'll keep putting these out. I'll review I'll show you the things that you should be seeing in price action and you know you'll you'll grow between now and November. So hopefully this was insightful to you and until I talk to you next time, be safe.
