================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2023 ICT Mentorship
VIDEO: Tuesday June 13, 2023 \ CPI & Price Action Lecture
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YTK5uXBe4o
================================================================================

Well, good morning folks. It is a good morning. It won't be in about uh 19 minutes or so. [laughter] Retail traders are going to get smoked. The CPI number is due out this morning. It is important that you try not to uh get ahead of that because it can be somewhat destructive if you're incorrect in your assumptions or your analysis. And I stand in in the sidelines of this report. I I've been burned by it many times. So, we're going to take a look at the ES and quick pass through Euro Dollar and cable and the dollar index. We'll take a look at NASDAQ. We'll take a look at the Dow futures and we'll peek at gold. Okay, so uh that's what's on tap for this morning. I'm going to talk a little bit about uh where setups form, how you can trust the principles I'm teaching, but we're going to watch CPI live. So, it's important you also understand that anything I tell you today should be viewed from the safety of a laboratory experiment. That means you're not even trying to trade a demo. You're not even tempted at all to take any trade based on what I'm going to tell you today. I'm not I will not I'm not going to come back later on and say you want to do and so here's what I did because I'm going right here live with you. So let's take a quick look at let's start with the dollar index. Okay. And let's make sure we're on a weekly chart. And we're at the bottom of that gap in here. Let me zoom in. There's a whole lot of annotations in here from our recent discussions pertaining to dollar. So this this gap in here originally we treated that as an inversion gap come down and act as support to take us up into our premium arrays. We have since worked lower back inside this gap and I mentioned in the last commentary that I want to see if it wants to go outside of this and then treat this shaded area here as resistance. Okay. Okay, so so far we've came down and we respected the the low of it. We'll drop down into a daily. I'll try to get through this pretty quick cuz I only have a few minutes before CPI comes down. Okay, so we have somewhat of a small little remaining gap here with an order block. So I'm going to note that here. So I'll be watching that going into the rest of this week. I don't like the color. It does not mean, okay, does not mean for you to go in here and assume that dollar's going to sell off right away cuz ICT is putting it there. I want to see if CPI supports this this idea. So that's why I tell you don't stand ahead or get in front of the CPI number because it can be very one-sided. It could smoke you easily. Your stop loss will not protect you. it won't have any protective uh characteristics at all because price can gap right on through and the liquidity is pulled. Okay? U believe me, there's a lot of people out there that want to trade it, but brokers, liquidity providers, they pull the liquidity. They don't let you connect. Okay? So, because of that, you want to stand aside. Let the initial I guess uh chaos hit the marketplace. Let the victims start bleeding and then once the impact creator has been created uh then you go around you look around for the easy targets you know who's who's left that could be uh taken out with either short-term liquidity runs or runs to inefficiencies. So we we treat that surge in price action by the CPI number as a means of creating that first initial shock. Like imagine right now the the the surface of a pond real smooth mirror like and then CPI is going to be like a boulder being dropped in the middle of it and that first splash we don't want to be harmed by that and I don't want any of you my students being harmed by that. But once that occurs, there's lots of new ripples and every advancing outward moving circle from that impact or all opportunities and each one of them are respective to their specific time frame. So there's setups that are forming all the time across all different one minute second charts, 15-minute charts. There's all kinds of opportunities and whatever one suits you is the one that's for you. But I want to see if it wants to get below this then treat this as resistance and start to gravitate towards this. I'm not suggesting it will do it all in one fell swoop today. Obviously it can do that cuz this is the type of market driver that can create those types of runs, but I want to see does it want to get down into here and then repric to this inefficiency between this candle's high and this candle's low. More specifically, the opening price of this down close candle on the daily chart. And let's go over to Euro. All right. In similar fashion, we have a pair shorter block here. Very small little gap here. I'm going to show you the the two levels so you can see there's a a separation. It's not much, but it's there. Okay. So this order block. So reaching up into this down close candles range repricing to the separation between these two candles. So this candle beneath my cursor that candle's low and this candle's high. Okay. the candle right above my cursor. That candle's high. Okay, that small little inefficiency. I want to see does CPI lend well to it wanting to get up into that area. There's a small little pool of liquidity in the form of buy stops that will be resting above this. You don't need any kind of market map. Um mark what's it? Uh they escapes me. I mean, there's lots of resources out there that are trying to show you where supposed orders are resting or whatever. You don't need any of that. Okay? Bookmap, I think is what it's called. Um, bookmap, if you're listening, it's no offense to you. I'm just suggesting that you there are ways of doing what you make available visually, which is great. In the beginning, I probably would have used something like that. But if you study price action naked, you'll see, you know, above swing highs and short-term highs and lows. Um, there's obvious stops in liquidity and where the market has moved away from this gap here. We traded above the short-term high here, relative equal highs. So, I want to see does it have a willingness to use the CPI number to expand into this direction. Now, if we take out this low here and very specific get below the consequent encroachment of this wick, why this one? Because the difference between the candles open and close on this one inside of the gap, this one over here, it left that fair bay gap here. There was a change in the state of delivery right there. So if we get through the consequent encouragement of this wick, that to me spells bearishness on Euro dollar and dollar might surprise to the upside. But as long as that does not happen, I'm looking for this order block and this guy. Now, for the slow folks, I did not give you a two scenario. I'm going to come back and here I'm right. I'm telling you what I'm looking for because I don't know at the time at the very time we're sitting here live. I don't know. If I knew, I'd be trading. It's CPI. I have no idea what they're going to do. And CPI is one of those events like FOMC rate announcements uh which we'll have you know tomorrow. This week is littered with landmines. So I teach my students if you have a week like this you want to try to get yourself up on Monday. And Monday was a pretty good day. If you want to see a review of how I took yesterday's uh trade you thumbs up this live stream and it'll inspire me to do a secondary video later on the afternoon. I'm going to do a review and I'll walk you through what I did and how I saw it and all business. But for now, we're focusing on the CPI. So, I'm looking for evidence to support a bias for the rest of the week. So, it'll give me insight to see how they use this data. Uh manual intervention is where uh the quote unquote powers that be uh you call them market makers. uh they are the uh the folks that are in charge of how far these markets will go, when they'll move, and uh what price is going to be, period. It has nothing to do with your buying and selling pressure. All of our gimmicks, all of our order blocks, all of our supply and demand harmonic patterns, none of that matters when they step in. They will literally repric to another price level. And it doesn't matter what carnage is created from that. So that's the reason why I'm telling you that this type of market driver CPI is dangerous. You can't trust even my own concepts in front of a move like this because it can roll right over top of it. And I have been very candid about how I get many times this very CPI number wrong. It's only very few times I've I've been able to publicly call it and it be correct. So I want you to respect the measure of risk. Do not look at anything I'm saying today as a little nudge to say, "Here, here's our secret little handshake. Go take this trade." Please don't do that. Okay? If you're right, it was luck. I promise you on a day like today with CPI, if you make money, it's luck. That's the only time luck exists when it's a complete uncertainty and you just happen to be on the side that worked. So, I don't trade with luck. I don't rely on luck. uh I I don't even have that in in my uh expressions for trading. It's it's it doesn't exist. You make the results and skill set and experience dictate that. So that's what I'm looking for. I favor this right now so that way you understand what's going on. But if I'm wrong, where do where do I concede and say I'm wrong? And then I look at the market from the opposite end. [clears throat] As I mentioned, it needs to get below the consequent correction of this wick because that's where the state of delivery changed inside this gap and started seeing us run higher. We've taken a a pool of liquidity out here and we went a little bit higher, but these are relative equal highs. So, I don't know if they're using that right there and then CPI sinks us and they make aggressive runs for sellside below here. I I don't know. So it's important for you to understand that there are times where your analysis, your experience, your model will be silent. It does not mean it's broken. It doesn't mean that they change the algorithm. It just means that you have to sit still and you have to exercise discipline and self-control and wait for the market to give you your setup. You're not trying to be like a crack fiend, okay, out there with your crackpipe every single day trying to smoke pips and and and points in these markets because it's moving around. You just got to sit still. Okay, so that that's the two things I'm looking for for fiber. Take a quick peek at cable. All right, cable, I believe. This is nice. Came down inside this buy side and balance sell side efficiency which is a fair value gap but it's in a buy side and balance sell sign efficiency. It trades down to it here and then look at the reaction so far today. So I want to see us return back up into this gap. I'll show you in a second where that's anchored. It's on a weekly chart. I apologize. Let me go back up to that. So that's that inefficiency right there. So I want to see does it return back into that. If it does, it has unfinished business all in here. And that's assuming obviously if the dollar falls off. Let's go back into a daily. So far really cable's been just hanging around this large consolidation. Not a whole lot of activity. uh even though we came down into this gap, traded into it and showed an initial willingness to want to go higher, we have to overcome this. Okay, so let's show that in perspective. So, it's going to have to make a real meaningful move outside of that that range here. I'm keeping it faint like that. You might want to use a darker color, but uh the the real level I'm trying to be interested in is here. So if we trade above it, fall short and come back down to middle of this inefficiency that would be consequent encroachment in the form of potential support. So if we run up fail to get to here that shaded area like run above and come back down lower time frames might give us an idea after CPI that would be something I would look for. It's not a trade idea. It's just something I'm running ter terms of scenarios. What do I look for? What would I wait for after CPI? If you don't trade ahead of CPI, ICT, what are you looking for after CPI? What are those types of things? It's those these things here I'm trying to outline to you. And let's take a quick look at NQ. We are looking at the September delivery contract month. Now, it's symbol U. So, NQU 2023. I saw a guy post a tweet to me saying he was looking for NQ. Q is the month code for August. Then August is not a delivery month for index features. It's only March which is H, June which is M, September which is U, and Z for December. There's only four contract delivery months for indexes. So or indices I should say. All right. [snorts] So here is the let's go to a weekly chart. Here is the weekly view on NQ. And like I said, this was the outperformer on the upside, the strongest one, and it has delivered. So, and drop down to a daily. All right. This one here only experienced speaking here. Okay. Um because we have a rate announcement FOMC related afternoon tomorrow on Wednesday and we have the CPI number this morning which will be out in about 4 minutes or so. A little less than 4 minutes. I got to hurry up. Uh this sell side looks suspect even though we had a really nice run up in here. Um I just feel like they're going to make an attempt to get into this this week. Will it be today or tomorrow? I don't know. But this looks too clean. Way way way too clean. And even if it went down there, that would upset folks thinking that it's topped. And then to me, if it went down below that and rallied and create another short-term inefficiency, that would be bullish. Uh that could continue going higher. This would upset those individuals that see this as support or real good area to trail stop losses below that. Um ES real quick. Um, I don't I don't see the same thing there. But if NQ draws down there, that S&P would want to follow suit. I'm not trying to pick the top. I'm just saying CPI. I I look at that number that comes out as a means of trying to smash anyone that's profitable. Um, it can in some instances be used to continue or capitulate a move. That means something that's already in a movement like this, it could accelerate and add the last piece of it. So again, that's the reason why I'm not getting ahead of it and trying to trade. And then the Dow, this one here, I favor a run above this high here. I think that that would be something to expect as it's been the the six sister of all three indices. NASDAQ, I told you, would be the leader. Um, our focus has been teaching through the price delivery of E- Mini, S&P, and the Dow. I use it as a barometer like I use the dollar index. I don't trade the dollar index but I use it as a risk on risk off for comparative studies and relative strength studies for the indices I use the Dow. So for like Dow theory uh SMT divergences uh six sister concepts those types of things I I lean on the Dow for that purpose. Uh we have a little bit of an inefficiency rate in here. that we could if we're going to drop initially on CPI, it could go down there and then make a run up into that. That would be a scenario I would watch and see if it manifests today. It is not a trade idea. So, please don't take that as such. So, let's quickly go back into ES. We'll drop into a lower time frame. Oops, I owed you gold. Sorry, real quick. Let me see if I can pull up uh gold. I don't know. There you go. Gun to my head. I would say it's going to run with a sell side below here. There you go. That's what I think. I'm probably wrong. Please don't trade it. Okay. Uh but I I wouldn't touch this at all. All right. ES. Let's jump down to a 15-minut time frame. Small little gap in here. Buy side rests above here. So, 30 seconds or so, everybody that's in a trade is going to regret having been in it. [laughter] And everybody that gets lucky or post it on social media and offer signals for purchase. So, here's where our sell side is. I'm going to try to keep the annotations light. Just focus on my viewpoints. Sell sides here. Buy side here. inefficiency resides rate if I can get down here before it pops off. So you want to trade CPI, do you? So it ran up and hit our here I was talking about. Ran through it a little bit. That's okay. Which is mean threshold of here. then swept the sell side. Now buy sides next. Let's take a quick look at NASDAQ. So it's taken its sell side here, then ran for buy side. Dow 15 minute time frame. Let's take a quick look at the daily on the Dow. Yeah, I like this high. So when I ever have a wick like this, I'll measure the midpoint which is consequent encroachment. That would be first objective and then I want to see if it wants to get above here. I could be wrong because it may use this initial uh pump to uh fade into that and tomorrow's rate announcement to do something completely opposed to what I've outlined and not even come up here. But I I think that this is a likely draw on Dow. Let's get back into 15 time frame. I know. I hear you bitching. Let me go over here. There you go. Sorry. [laughter] Thank you. I know. I was uh going through charts and a few of you like to buried me about not having the title very I don't know. I don't know how they get untoggled. I don't I don't usually mess with it. So, we've had buy side here and sell side taken. Uh, the initial draw. Let's go into a one minute chart. All in one moment. In 1 [clears throat] minute, the market opened here, ran up just a little bit above the fair value gap, then slammed down to take sell side, and then in the same minute, one candle closed up here after running up the buy side. So, in one minute, look how much the market has traversed. Now, do you believe that you're going to be nimble enough to trade in that when the liquidity is already pulled anyway? Your broker's not going to let you trade that. Okay? You're not going to see these guys out there that put a buy order and a sell order unless they're running their white list fake broker. They're running their own scam. Uh those orders will get filled because it's not really happening. Uh but in a real market, none of that works. Okay? You're not going to be allowed to be trading it. will not let you fill. So, as much as I love having fun and ribbing other people, and I can take a good ribbing, too, uh it's important that when it matters, when real discussions about risk and money and uh the potential loss of it, um I don't sugarcoat any of that. So, I'm telling you, if anybody's out there showing you examples where they got filled and they got a really good entry here and they got out here, that's total grade A Okay? They didn't get filled. they didn't trade it. And anybody that tells you otherwise, okay, demand they do that and show you broker statements. Log into their broker account and show you. Not an MT4, MT5 account cuz that's too. A reputable broker. Sorry, but that that's just the facts. Okay? I consider myself a little bit better than the average bear and I don't believe I can make my stuff work even in these environments because it's highly manipulated. Like you are absolutely up against a brick wall and you can't you won't be permitted period because it moves so fast. brokers can take because they book a lot of people. Uh they could be wrong by happen stance and overleveraging Larry that can be in there doing big big moves and get lucky. They have to they have to pay that out because of the the the fierceness and and velocity of how fast it moves around. You know, it's that's just that's how the business works, folks. I mean, you can be mad about it or just understand that's what takes place and respect it and say, "Okay, I'm not going to play in that sandbox. I'll wait." All right. So, this is literally a 50/50 now because it's it's taken both sides of the liquidity to I drew your attention to working off the fair gap I mentioned first. Now, the takeaway in this is I want you to think about how we were looking at the buy side and the sell side. Forget right, forget being wrong, forget profitability. Think, okay, think about this. All of the movement that took place thus far was all inside of a one minute basis or two minutes. That's it. So all of this movement from here and here that happened in the blink of an eye, you would not have the the the ability if you didn't have limit orders in that could be filled. Not that they would be. You wouldn't have the ability to adjust or to comprehend what it is that you should be doing next. Especially if you're a new student or a new trader. You have no idea what you're doing. You have no idea to where you would measure a willingness to see continuation up or down. Maybe you didn't even know where these pools of liquidity were before I mentioned them. So, if you don't know those things, why would you even gamble on this report that's coming out or that's that came out 6 minutes or so ago? It's important not to see these things and see how much it moved and think to yourself, if I would have got a piece of that, that's not that kind of move. Okay? That's that's not what this is. This is a trap. This is a a very difficult thing to convey to to new traders or new students because they think somebody absolutely bought the low down here or in this area and then sold it up here. They believe that. And I'm telling you that didn't happen. If it happened, they'll gladly go into their broker account and log in live. Log into it with their password blocked out. That's fine. But go in there and show their time and date and their time and sales fills on a a reputable broker. You're not going to see that. Okay? Believe me folks, if I could do that in this report, I would be doing it every month. Every time it would do it, I would do that just to show you, you know, this is the way it is. But I'm telling you up front because I want to protect you that this type of market driver is essentially risking ruin. But we can identify and use it like I teach to use the non-farm payroll. Okay, non-parm payroll. I don't trade that report. You can trade after the non-farm payroll report. You can trade after the CPI number, but ahead of it. No, because you know how you have no idea. You have no idea. I have no idea where it's going to go on the CPI number. So, what makes you think you do as a green horn, someone that just started a couple months watching some videos from some Yahoo that teaches with a demo account, you think you're going to be able to beat this? No. Don't do that. You're going to create scar tissue. So, what I did this morning, I outlined how to focus on what to look for, what you would study. And in a minute or less, drew out here's where the buy side is. Why did I call this out? Look at the the idea of it not wanting to go higher. So, retail sees this as what? Strong resistance. So, they could be short in their mind and the stop losses would be above these highs here in the form of buy stops. That's what we call buyside liquidity. I took you over here to the relative equal lows. What's going to be resting below that sell stops, which is why we call that sellside liquidity. Both sides of the marketplace are always in contention for high impact news drivers like CPI, rate announcements, non-farm payroll, those types of things. Anytime you see in your lower time frame charts these smooth edges like this very very smooth relative equal lows very very smooth relative equal highs they are going to be made jagged meaning it's going to rip through it like it does over here. So now they're not so smooth already. Now this this whole movement down here was a function to offset any positions or interest because it controls sentiment as well with orders resting below here down here. I'm sorry up here rather down here. Where' it go? The uh looking at the relative equal highs the market ran for those as well. And then what has it done since? It's staying in between those two pools of liquidity. But what did it do first? It went right to the fair value gap. I mentioned overshot it by a little bit which is understandable given the nature of this report that came out. And then inside of all this move, it dropped down. Now you can't see it like this. So if I if I'm in a one minute chart, here's the 8:30 candle. It opens, trades up. It looks like it completely rolls right on through it. But we saw momentarily before it ran up higher. It ran up to here and stopped right in here. It stopped and then moved lower. Then came all the way back up and over overlapped the entire run and then went to the buy side. I'm going to have to show it to you on a 30 second chart here. Opens, rallies up, drops down. still 15-second chart. There's the move right there. That's what it looked like. It opened, ran up. This candle, this big green green candle here didn't exist yet. Watch the video. Okay. When the live stream post, I don't know if I Can you rewind my live streams? I don't think I've disabled that. You should be able to rewind it. And then tap the live tab in the lower lefthand corner and you'll take a refactor where I'm at live. But you can watch it where it opens, it trades up, creates that short-term high there, then it runs for the sell side, and then all in the same one minute candle, it opens here on this 15-second candle, and then runs for the buy side. Then now we're hanging around in here. So, I think we could make a potential run higher to take out this high. This run down here looks a little aggressive. It feels like they went down there fastest. And then this movement here, this is a lot of that uh run, break, retest, go short. I think traders are trying to go short from the retail perspective and they would want to reach up into this wick here. I would observe and study with that idea in mind that would look like this. It's not a trade, folks. This is this what you're doing when you're reading the tape. It gives you experience watching price action where you don't push the button even in a demo. You get a feel for what price is likely to do. You spend a lot of time doing that. If if I would have done that in the beginning, I would have spared myself years of drawing down, blowing accounts, and it would have been a lot faster for me to find consistency. So, here's the level I'm referring to. uh 4407 and then 4405 even that's the midpoint of this gap here. Okay, so watch and see if it wants to draw up into that. Uh the main takeaway what I was saying was even in this fast market move uh the fair value gap I mentioned and the liquidity pools it went to the fair value gap then dropped to the sell side then ran for the buy side. So the takeaway would be even in that speed okay of within 1 minute the very levels that I gave you the algorithm referred to immediately in a way in a in a speed and a velocity that even I can't participate in it. So the takeaway is for you to see that there even in this recklessness that looks like chaos and just carnage. It's still being controlled, but it's being controlled in a way where it's going to move a lot in a short span of time, but you're not being permitted to profit during it. That's that's what I'm trying to convey to you. It's an illusion. These types of moves are the very things that draw people into wanting to trade because they think they can get in here and take these trades and make, you know, 20, 30 handles in a minute overleveraged and get a five figure withdrawal. So don't fall for that trap. It's very very important that you you don't fall for that trap. [clears throat] Okay, there's uh the run into our consequent crush. I mentioned they would draw two. That's enough to pay your bills right there, folks. I know it doesn't seem like it's all that sexy, but that little move right there, that's what a high frequency trading algorithm does. It trades on that type of little move hundreds of times per session. Now, look at the reaction of that. Just that little move right there. That in itself is a high frequency trading algorithm entry that moves back and forth. There are algorithms that trade one-sided. they stay in a buy model for buys or going long. And there's other high frequency trading algorithms that trade on the sell side. It's a sellside model. So, it's only going short when it's offering an opportunity to do so. And then you have a a model, a high frequency trading algorithm that simply goes all over the place. It takes whatever volatility is available at the time and it runs it up, down, up, down, up, down, up, down. That's the stuff because I get asked all the time, what is it that you won't teach us? It's that I'm not allowed to teach you that. I'm not going to teach that. But I have demonstrated it before in the past and you I'm very candid about saying I'm not going to teach that part to you. But you instead of saying look at how much you've already taught and look how much the impact has been for other people and they're making real money with it now. um the point of appreciation is lost because you forget everything I've already shared openly and works amazingly well and because I say I can't do something like I can't folks I can't literally I cannot I'm not permitted to do it. I would love to do it. Trust me, I get real close as close as I can. And the the students that really really really want to know it, they think that I hidden it in my teachings. I did not, okay? I did not teach anything like that. I'm not allowed to do it. But you don't need that. All you need to do is find one little multiplier, one little thing that gives you a setup, one little thing that gives you a reason to engage the marketplace, measure risk, define it. That means know where your stop should be. And then where you should take profits partial and where you think terminus is. Where's your best case exit? Sometimes my trades don't go to full terminus because I'm illustrating either a point of not needing to be 100% accurate so that way it encourages you as my students or sometimes as a human I just don't do it correctly or I'll take off more than I should have. In hindsight I'll look back and say I wish I left a little bit more on the trade. That part is always going to be there. No matter how good you get at this, you're always going to be wrong. Even in your winning trades, you're going to wish you would have had more, held on longer, got out sooner. You know, it's it's always like that. Okay? So, this craft that you're involved in now is a lifestyle. It's not you learn how to make money and now that's it. You've reached your destination. You excellence is a pursuit. It's not a destination that's final. It's always always going to be something that you're striving to do better and reach for. And mine is my exits. And I've been open about that as well. I always want to make them better because I have lots of ways to get into things, but I'm never fully satisfied. If I'm going to be honest with you, I'm never satisfied ever with my exits. And I have got out on the highest tick a handful of times and I got in and out of trades on the lowest tick a handful of times. But you would think with 30 years I I would have a whole lot more examples. I I don't because I'm either trying to outthink my algorithm or I'm trying to [snorts] find something that I haven't identified yet. And because of those distractions, my mind's going 1,000 miles an hour. Um, it's hard for me to focus, which is another reason why I don't like to have people chatting to me. And even when my son's next to me, they're not allowed to say anything to me because that small little distraction would like now by me pointing over to him, like it takes me off my train of thought. And you have, especially for some like me, I have to be very dialed in and I'm very easily distracted. I'm like a dog that sees a squirrel. Like what? What? Like I I can't focus. So maybe you don't have that uh issue in your trading. Maybe you're you can multitask, you know, and and do exceedingly well even as a trader. I don't have that skill set. I can't like I have to be 100% dialed in because I have so many things that I can see as an opportunity. See where is you you have one model or two two things maybe three things that you learn from me and if one of those things occur it's easy for you to focus okay I see this but you you have to understand like I have 80 plus things that are jumping off the chart at me which one do I want to eat off of I'm like a dog in a meat market turn loose like do I want to run over there and bite that do I want to run over here and bite that like it that's the that's the closest analogy I can give to you like there's so many things I can see as an opportunity in price. Whether it be a a three-handle run, a 10 handle run, a 15 handle run, a run that goes eight handles, reverses for four, runs for 13, like those those things are jumping off the chart all the time to me. And depending upon what my mind is focused on at the time or if I'm if I have a a means of sitting down trying to explain something to an audience or if I'm doing a lecture or whatever um or if I'm teaching my son, whatever one I go with, okay, that's the one I go with. And I'm always, this is the part that you need to understand, I'm always regretful that I didn't do one or the other because I have so many of them to choose from. that you think that if I sat down and I dulged all of them to you that it's going to make you a better trader. It doesn't. It's it's almost like well if you have more than one child which one's your your favorite you can't say which one's your favorite right? But when you're in the market and you're trading and you're looking at price action, it is very difficult for me to say I love this one more than that one. So whenever I come to the decision on this is the one I'm going to go with, that's it. But the whole time price is running, I know my mind at certain times that the alone is going to do certain things and then price presents this certain thing that I would expect in that instance for that particular model to work for me to take an entry. But I'm already in something. I'm wrestling with that. The whole time the market's ticking. That is such a distraction. So imagine if that's what it was like for you. So please, if you're if you're upset with me cuz I'm been honest with you and told you I'm not going to teach you everything. And it's not important for you to learn everything. All you need is one thing. Just one thing. And the most important thing is is where price is going to go because literally like there's so many ways to get into a trade. If you're right in where you where you think it's going to go if you have that understood, it makes it a lot easier and it allows you to hold on to your trade and you don't have the frustration. You see many live streamers and they get in there and they make whatever they're making and they'll glad hand and cherry, you know, not cherry pick but they'll beat their chest and they're the amazing this and that and the market just keeps on running and then they in the same live stream they're crying about how I got to learn how to do this. I got to holler and hold on. You got to spend more time understand where it's going to reach for and not just focus on these lower time frames. You know, the lower time frames are wonderful for entry and and managing risk. But if your trade is entirely linked to and founded on a lower time frame draw and liquidity, you're missing the point entirely. You're completely missing the entire focus of why you should be taking trades. You need movement, folks. As a trader, we need displacement in a change from one price to another over a duration of time. How much time you have to you have to come to that conclusion what it fits for you. For some of you, holding overnight, it can't happen. You won't let yourself do that. Others, you can't be in a trade longer than 10 minutes. You 10 minutes is long-term position trading to you. And I'm not saying that that's a bad thing because if you decide on what your main comfort zone is, how long can you hold a trade before you start getting antsy? If you're really really impatient and you can't overcome impatience, then you will do very very well in intraday charts working with one minute time frames and you can get your setups in one minute bars. Get it be done and stop trading for the day. go do something else and you would probably be very very profitable doing that. But will you be comfortable seeing these 30 handle runs that happen over the span of the entire daily range? How about 100 handle moves or a thousand handle plus moves that I just outlined in the NASDAQ over the last month or so? Are you going to be regretful about that and let that beat you up? It's it's very important that you understand these things. And when I got into trading, I didn't know those things were going to be barriers. They're going to be speed bumps to you and sometimes roadblocks for others for you finding your success. I don't know why somebody need to hear that. That's why I said it. So, let me drop these on here for reference and move this fit because it's a little too much. All right. So, again, this is a 15-second chart. You probably don't have that on your trading view, but you're watching it on mine. So, what would a highfrequency trading algorithm entry be on a buy model high frequency trading algorithm? Uh you can see very plainly that I outlined that we would likely draw up into the consequent encroachment of this wick here on the 15-second chart and then potentially draw to here. Now the draw I'm thinking is up here cuz it's it's going to move on the folks that see this as a high low break and retest and try to go lower. That's that's what the algorithm is running on. It's already ran to the the majority of the position holders here because their stop would have been right above here. Not because they're looking at a 15-second chart, because they're looking at DOMs, depth of market. They're reading all these types of things. Okay? And those gimmicks are they're they're not helpful. You believe they are. I promise you that you have a religion. It's faith-based on that stuff being the catalyst as to why market's going up or down and it's not to the short holders that would use this as a short this run into this inefficiency right there and this order block that's a trade that's a high frequency trading al algorithm but that's for the sell side I mentioned when we got into large time frames where before we dropped into the seconds charts I said that you know I believe that we're going to you move higher and I gave you the outline line as to why I believe it based on these second charts. So, um folks at like Goldman Sachs will tell you that there's noise on these lower time frames and if anybody tells you they can find trades in this or find profitability in it, run away from them their economy and I assure you, I promise you. [laughter] But how many times have you sat here with me on live stream and it dances to my record. So the opening here, it trades down into that and then we have a short-term high. It's broken to the upside. So now think for a moment. Your mindset is I'm strapped in. I'm in the saddle. I'm only running for buy side. So the high frequency trading algorithm that you would be studying in this practical in this this type of price action would be only looking for longs or only looking for buys. Okay. And how could you use that? Well, what have I taught you? What was what were the what were the signatures that you've understood so far about what price uses to go higher? You have to have a shift in market structure here. You have a swing high. It rallies through it on this candle right there. It runs higher. That's fine. But what does it leave? Small little inefficiency right there. It just ran our target there. That's it. But that's it right there. That is all you need, folks. What you just watched me outline here. I told you the direction I favored. I told you what it was likely to do. And I'm using a 15-second chart. Tell me somebody else out there that's wrote books, made courses with a 15-second chart and can tell you how it's going to act and behave like this. It doesn't happen. So, a order block, okay, is a change in the state of delivery. Okay, it is not a zone. It is not every downlo candle that is an order block. It is not an up close candle. Every single one is an order block. It is a frame of reference where a change in where price will be drawn to or from. That occurs here. Why am I using this down close candle and not this one over here? This one has the larger body. So, it spent more time and recorded more time in duration at its extremes, that lowest close, that makes this an order block. This swing high that it's part of when it trades above it here, that's a shift in market structure. So that means highfrequency trading algorithms will trip to buy side and they'll all be looking primarily for the largest leverage to be on this side of the marketplace. Now the chaos high frequency trading algorithms that trade up and down all day long. They'll take this trade too, but they'll also take this short in this fair bag gap here that trades to it and trade back down into this inefficiency and change in a state of delivery, which is that opening price. Don't believe me? Look, here's the opening price. You'll never call this stuff live. You'll never see him do it, folks. Yeah, I'll do it with a 15-second chart just to rub it in your face. The opening price fair gap. How do you qualify a high probability order block? It will have my fair value gap. Not every downlo candle is an order block. Not every downlo candle with a fair value gap like this is a long. Wait, that's a contradiction. No, that's a refinement. I'm teaching you narrative logic framework. [snorts] The fact that we had this idea here, what was the first side of liquidity taken at CPI? We opened here at 8:30. It opened, rallied up here, stopped short, and then went down below to take the buy side. I'm sorry, to take the sell side. So, what side of the marketplace did the algorithm run to first? What do smart money players, the folks that don't write books, that aren't going to be talking to you, I'm it. I'm the one that stepped out. I'm not supposed to be doing these things. You're not supposed to know these things. So, I have to create a language so that way if I'm tapped on the shoulder again, I am teaching this. I'm not teaching that. It's Pepsi or Coke. They're they're both colas. They're both poison. [laughter] Okay. But you have a choice. So, you have what a delivery to sellside burst. So, smart money, the the folks that understand the algorithm, the folks that follow it, it's lead, wait for this signature here because the first [snorts] that tells you the direction because they're going to run for sell first. This is the reason why I told you I believe it's going to go up here. How did you know that ICT? How did you know it was going to go higher? Why did you Why did you pick that? Why? Why didn't it want to come back down to consequent encroachment of this wick? That's what some of you are probably thinking right now. Holy crow. He just read my mind. You're looking around the room right now from microphones, aren't you? I'm I bugged your uh computer, right? I'm hacking your system, not the ghost of the machine. It doesn't need to go down to the consequent cr of this because the narrative is it ran for sell side and then quickly repriced away from it. It does not need to come back down here before it goes up to the buy side. And how it delivers. Listen folks, how it delivers price after the second pool of liquidity is engaged. Sellside was below here. I'll go back up to the higher time frames in a moment. For now, I have to outline all this. The sell side was taken first. That means the move will be likely prolonged and much more prominent to the buy side. That means it's going to go higher. It upsets the orders and sentiment by this drop down here. Then it runs for the buy side. It breaks lower, comes back up, and then creates a false shorting opportunity. It delivers a short run. Traders see that that we're short. They thinking, "Yeah, wow. You know, I got four handles, five handles or so. I'm getting ready to take out that low down here. It's going to keep going for the rest of the day lower." Wrong. It only reprices to the opening price here at 8:30. I know some of you just can't accept it, but [laughter] it's all controlled. Opening price trades down. Look at the bodies. They tell you the story. The wicks do the damage. The body stops right at the opening price at 8:30. The algorithm receives that as information comes back down to it there. Stops on a dime. Turns around creates your short-term shift in market structure there. Down close candle bullish order block separation here. Come back down into it. Hit the order block. Respect it. Close in the inefficiency. Time distortion. All this movement in here. As long as we're not breaking below the mid midpoint of this down close candle, everything's still a go. What I'm looking at is this range from this high of this candle down to that low. As long as these two candle reference points here have not been breached above or below. All this stuff in here, I'm ignoring every bit of it. I'm not looking at any fair value gap inside of that. I'm not looking at any kind of potential order block because this range here, that's your dealing range. It will not be anything of any importance or significance unless it trades outside of that range. And because I'm telling you and as I told you live here, I believe it's going to go higher and take out the high. The first draw is here and the buy side above this high here. So all these candles from this green candle right above my cursor all the way until we get to this candle's high right there. So this candle all through till here means nothing to me. I'm not looking at any of those candles and having any respect of anything it's doing because the return from this fair bay gap here. Let me draw out. This is complicated. ICT I just want to overbought oversold indicator. I'm not your man then. Go watch somebody else. But you want to understand why the market's doing what it's doing. and you can trust and sleep at night that you know that the stuff that you're learning isn't going to stop. It's never going to be beaten up or victimized by anything better cuz there ain't anything better. This is the market. I'm teaching you the market. The market rallies up into that inefficiency again and trades down only to offer delivery to the order block. Close the inefficiency and then time is spent marking time. That's it. It's we're in 15-second candles. So, it's just hanging around. What is it doing? What What do you think's occurring inside of all these ranges in here between this candle's high and this candle's low? That's all one order block. What kind of order block? Propulsion block. Look at month four content on my YouTube channel because it's all of this price action from this candle below my cursor all the way over to here. All these candles are inside this. So my mindset and focus is inside this range. Everything is happening inside. I could care less because my mind is already established what the algorithm is going to refer back to is this signature here. I've coded. So all of this price action here is irrelevant. It's just marking time where price has moved in that interval. The highest and the lowest and the beginning and the ending. That's all it's doing. But my mind as a trader and the analyst is I'm looking at inside this range here. I want to see this range maintain itself and then eventually break to the upside which we get right there. Where does it draw to where I told you here and then what does it do? It stops and then consolidates. What's it doing? What is it doing folks? Think the order block. It trades down to it. It's spending time down here for traders that understand what I'm teaching you that they're not going to go out there in public and raise their hand say, you know, yeah, ICT, you know, is right. You know, this is what we do. They don't want me teaching it to you. Trust me, they don't want me teaching this. So, I it took a great deal of prayer and answered prayer to have this shown to me in charts so that way I can convey what it is that's happening outside the chart. The algorithm is not only doing what I'm showing you in candlesticks. There are other things that I know that I can't teach because there's no way for me to bridge that gap between what you can see in a chart. Like I I can't I can't say, "Okay, if it does this, this is what it doesn't work like that." So there's only a limitation of what it is I'm willing to share with you. And you have to be content with that. But I promise you, if you just take a step back and look at what is I'm showing you, it's light years way, way, way beyond everything else. You don't need to have this much degree of understanding. But what do you think's occurring in here? The algorithm is allowing time for traders that are in the know, that are real smart money. They're not whiteoff traders. They're not supply and demand guys. They're not Goldman Sachs guys, okay? They don't know this stuff. I promise you they don't know this. It's allowing them to get their orders in before the algorithm reprices. Then it goes through her first point of reference, which is the consequent encroachment of this wick here. Stops and then spends time. What's it doing? Allowing them to build a larger position. What's the model? Where's price being drawn to? higher so allows them to accumulate more longs and then as it runs up they're distributing it all their initial entries in here they're selling it some in here and then new algorithm entries are in here accumulating more and as it runs up they sell sell sell sell sell and that provides liquidity. So there's this dance that's always occurring between inefficiencies and liquidity. Premium to discount, discount to premium. Always that's what's occurring. It has nothing to do with harmonics. Has nothing to do with Animal patterns has nothing to do with Elliot wave. Has nothing to do with anything that you see in a retail book. Price is not moving on any of that That's not what's going on, folks. And buying and selling pressure is not it. That is not it. Your market profile, your volume uh bars turned vertical. Okay, so you're you're looking at them over here. Okay, you're looking at that and you're looking at level two data and you think that that makes you smart or that makes you in the no. That is a gimmick. It's a red herring. You're looking at stuff and you're not seeing the things I'm showing you. Look, I'm tell I'm [clears throat] showing it to you in a 15-second chart. Think about it. 15 seconds. Price is behaving in a way in which it's been co coded. It's behaving as it's told. It's not being pushed around because buyers and sellers. That's not what's occurring here, folks. Sorry if that hurt your feelings. I'm sure some of you worked in an industry and you feel like, you know, you're you're part of the team and all, but you you have a title, but you have ignorance. You have no idea what makes these markets go up and down. And I'm not I don't care about titles. So, one minute. Here we have it. Opening price, we trade down to here, rally up, consolidate around. What's it working in here on the one minute chart? Mean threshold rally consolidate allow smart tra uh smart money to accumulate more longs and displace to the upside. Now look what's occurring here. We're getting short-term highs. We run above it. Short-term high run above it. When it starts doing this, and you watch me do this many times, and I just did it again yesterday in my trade for ES. When it starts creating these short-term highs, every time it runs above that, and you're long, high frequency trading algorithms are dumping portions of their position above that. That's why I do it, okay? I'm in there doing the same thing that these entities are told to do when they work with this algorithm. And if they're doing it, they're doing it because it's a purpose in mind, their offset distribution. If they if they have accumulated long positions in here and in here, how do they how do they exit short-term highs? It move away from it above that high is going to be buy side. Sell to this buy side. Creates a short-term high. Retraces back down in. Creates a short-term high. When it runs above it again, sell. Offset. Distribute. Offset their long positions and distribute them to willing buyers. Where are the willing buyers above market price? Every time you create a short-term high, somebody in there, some joker, okay? Some clown out there believes that Elliot ways and animal patterns move the market around. They're in there trying to trade their little gimmicks and they're trying to go short. So, if they're going short, they're going to try to do what? They're going to use an order that they think is protective, a short position. They use a buy stop. Where are they going to place that buy stop? Above the recent swing high. So, using narrative, reading where price is going to go, why it should go there, when it will consolidate and pause. I taught you that live today. I've taught you. I've literally sat down here with you and told you. Now, did I tell you exactly how to do it right before CPI? No. Because I have to wait and see what it does. What does it leave? It leaves clues all the time, but I have to wait to see what it will run for. I can't call the high and the low of the day until midnight in New York. But if I'm doing analysis and I'm talking to someone, they say, "Hey, what do you think about this and what do you think about that?" If I don't have the reference points that's required at midnight, I can only talk about what I know based on the information that's being shown in the information that we have available at that time. When we have these high impact or medium impact drivers that come out in the marketplace, I have to wait for the potential for manual intervention. Manual intervention is here. We initially opened, ran above the fair value got then dropped for sellside. So think about what I taught you. We outlined real time before the market delivered where the liquidity would be and the inefficiency that would be utilized. It opened, ran up just above it. Let's go back down to the 15-second chart. Oops. I got to change it by uh that we opened, rallied above that fair value gap I outlined, then ran for the sell side, then it ripped higher for the buy side. The fact that it ran to the fair value gap here then to the sell side in itself if it was not a high impact news driver like this that type of run would have happened over the morning session and a later run in the afternoon would have been this move here to the buy side. But because of the removal of liquidity, believe me, there are people that want to trade this, but brokers and liquidity providers, they pull access away from the marketplace. That's intervention. That's manipulation. That is a barrier to you being profitable. Whether you like it or not, it's going to happen. And that's what they do around non-farm payroll, too. And they say, "Oh, there's a there's a an absence of liquidity." Not because it's organic. Believe me, there's people that want to trade. They think they're going to have something that is profitable during this whole move. They created some kind of thing with a moving average crossover and they want to trade it. They believe it's going to make them rich. No, it's prevented because these types of moves offer a lot of movement in a very short span of time. And somebody could be really wrong by by accident, make a lot of movement in terms of profit. And the broker, if they're bulling them, they have to take that hit. They don't want that. That's the reality of this business, folks. Okay? They're not going to come out here and say, "Yeah, that's right. That's he's true." You're going to hear people come out and say, "Oh, he's full of He's a liar." Who's out here showing you what the market's going to do with a 15-second chart? You got to look, man. If someone is saying something and they can't bring it and show receipts, then okay, then then don't trust that person. But if someone's willing to sit out here live and explain all the mechanics before it happens, either they know what they're talking about or they had something to do with it, and I leave that up to you. You decide. If I'm full of you'll know. If I'm not, you'll know. But after the fact, how we traded, what was the first pool of liquidity that was ran? The sell side. Now think about if you were long or any trader that was long. [snorts] If this report ran down and hit that stop loss, would you be willing to get back in to go long? Be honest now. Chances are no, you wouldn't. And that's why they do it. They run for the liquidity on the side that they don't want to want. No, no, let me say it right. They run for the liquidity first on the side that they want to make sure they scare out of entering and being on the right side. So, it's the first run on liquidity on medium or high impact news drivers that tends to be [clears throat] the side that would be the winning side if they wait. Then you see the buy side taken after. But you have to wait. You have to wait. What does it want to do? It pulls back inside the range. What range between the two pools of liquidity? That's this line here and this line here. Let me thicken them up. If you're on Twitter and you follow me on Twitter, if you like what I'm teaching and this is resonating with you, give me a hell yeah. If you don't like the cuss, just say heck yeah. Okay, so these these two reference points, that's your that's your range. Okay, so after it took the sell side out and then the buy side, it pulled back into the range. Now, both of those pools of liquidity define a very specific range for liquidity purposes. We outlined buy side was above here and sell side was below here. The algorithm knows both those points of reference just like I showed it to you live before it was being used. Where'd it go to consequent encroachment? Right in the middle. Range low, range high, liquidity above it, liquidity below it. Pull us back to consequent encroachment. The bias I gave you is going higher. What it reach for the first draw here and then we wait. Does it want to take the buy side here? Then we went into high high. What' I tell you? Offset distribution algorithm starts selling and offsetting their long position. At every time it takes out a high, they're doing that distribution. They're selling to those buy stops. What did it do after that? We're off the highs. Listen folks, I don't know what you call foresight versus cherry-picking, [laughter] okay? I don't know where you're from, what your culture is and beliefs about things, but when someone says something and it happens, it it's it's pretty set in stone that either it works or it doesn't. And if you can't see this, like really there's nothing else there's nothing else I can do that make you understand that these things are driven 100% 100% controlled on a one minute chart. Take this fib off here. So in all this business, notice that uh this wick here, I went inside of the range between that high and that close with that 15-second chart. So you might have a measurement of consequent encroachment on this wick here. That's fine. But in this wick, I want to be in the lower time frame, very very small time frames. And I just showed you precision with 15-second charts. I told you how to omit and don't even refer to specific candles. That's that's one of the arguments that people will say. They'll say, "Hey, uh, you know, timebased charts are are nonsense. They're garbage." You know, this that. That's someone that doesn't believe number one, there's an algorithm. doesn't believe that you can use the element of time as the most influential factor in price delivery because everything around price delivery is first controlled and delivered by a schedule. It's time. It's time and price theory. Time and price theory, not price and some gimmicks. Okay? Um, I know how to use a timebased chart because I know time. I know the time when the algorithm is going to behave. I know what it's likely to follow. And then I also know how to omit certain candles. Don't pay attention to certain ones. And that's the folly that I see people over the years. They've taken things, look at this, order blocks don't work cuz they'll point to down closed candles that aren't being respected. You have no idea what an order block is. And the folks that are making YouTube videos, the simple way of using order blocks, the best order block. You don't know what an order block is. Take those videos down. It's embarrassing. Stop. Okay. Seriously, stop. All right. So, I want to ask you point blank. If you see a reason to be accumulating a long position in here and in here and the market gives you all the signatures in here, we understand this. This pattern here is a three drives pattern or as Linda Rashk and Larry Connors wrote in their book Street Smarts, which I love and adore that book. Not everything in that book I subscribe to, but it was one of the very influential uh manuscripts that taught me how to view stop hunts. like that that that book rung in the first introduction to victimizing traders where when I got stopped out I just said well you know that system didn't work or I did it wrong and I would beat myself up emotionally and psychologically and wreck myself you know constantly about how I did that wrong not knowing that one of the primary functions of the market is to go to where liquidity is and if you're wrong obviously you know you're the liquidity. So, when I first started, that's how it was for me. And and maybe that's where you're at in your development right now. Maybe you're you you're struggling because every time you participate, maybe sooner than you should, even with the demo, um you're getting stopped out and you're getting frustrated. And just know that I went through that for years. I know you see the things that I do and teach and show and call in in real time, too. And there it can't be a time when ICT was a noob. There was there really was. And I was the poster boy for it. Like I blew accounts like crazy. I did it in stunning fashion. Okay. If you're going to do it and do it right, I was the I was the best one at doing it. Every possible thing that would have caused me to blow an account, I did it. recklessness, greed, impatience, um system hopping, testing, stupidity, seeing if certain things that you know I had a hunch about, none of it was helpful. And then because of the pain of losing money and the the ideas [clears throat] that initially came from Larry Williams, you know, his uh uh confidential trading course for future millionaires or something to that effect, you know, you I've heard you've heard me talk about it many times. [clears throat] that that gave me a framework to start looking at the market differently whereas I was always jumping around and while I don't use the things that he teaches or taught then predominantly um I still believe that that would be a wonderful starting point for someone like to uh to know how to look at price in the beginning but I I there's a lot of stuff that he does that's indicator based now that you I just I love him to death and he is my first real mentor. Um, if I was honest, it would be Ken Roberts was the Well, no, not technically. It's really my uncle. My uncle Stan was my first mentor. He's the one that was talking me into trading when I was 14, 15 years old. And I really wasn't interested showing me charts and stuff. But, uh, the first paid mentor I had was Ken Roberts. and I bought his world's most powerful money manual and course and it was about trading commodities and uh very very poor presentation of of the marketplace but it made me think I could quit my job and over the span of 20 years I could you retire that I started fleshing out this whole idea of getting rich long-term and uh if I could make $1,000 a month that would get me there. That's how I first started. Now, contrast that with what you see on Instagram and YouTube and Twitter and Discords and everything else that's out there. It's real fast. Lamborghini lifestyle, you know, get rich real quick. And that's just, you know, it's unfortunate because you shouldn't be thinking like that. But, uh, it's going to take you a lot longer than you want to believe it will. Just know that. And I was in for the long term. I knew it was going to be hard, but I didn't realize how hard I was going to make it for myself. I knew how to do most of what I'm doing here um the first three and a half years, but then I started to tinker with improving it and made more mistakes and just went back to what I had arrived at. So with that information coupled with chance meetings with people you're not ever going to meet, that culmination of insight, you know, makes me who I am. Inner Circle Trader, ICT, the guy. But uh I want you to think about what level of contentment do you require? Are you trading to be the best social media trader? Are you trading to be the guy that makes the biggest pipall or point hall? The guy that tries to get the highest high and the lowest low? And what is it that you're trying to do? Because I went through all those stages as a trader. I went through all of that. the market's about to open up in about a minute and and the one you got to settle in on is the the person that makes the money that you're comfortable with making. Some of you think that you want to make millions of dollars and I'm going to be honest with you. It's scary sometimes when you're making big money and you're probably not prepared for that. I'm I'm going to be honest with you. You're not prepared for that. Nobody is. When you start making big money, it's a weird feeling. You think it's going to be like easy. It's not because it's intoxicating. You think that every big win is going to be available every single time you get into a new trade. And you got to you have to control that impulse. Smart money distributed real time. I was explaining it to you. And look where we're drawing down to the high end of that buyerly pool. That's this over here. And the lows are over here. Okay. So, when I show examples and I'm doing, you know, entries and stuff and the guys out there that are trying to sell their blackbox they hate the fact that I'm able to do it and they want to say it's cherrypicked and I can't trade and my students don't make money and do what they do. Um, I I understand marketing. I understand doing all that stuff, but it really looks bad when you're constantly out there saying that my students or I can't do this stuff and I'm constantly doing it real time. I'm not afraid to be out here and doing this and calling it. The logic is real. The authorship is genuine and it repeats. It's something that's transferable. And when I'm outlining what it should do and how it should behave, I'm leaning on elements that you aren't able to know. And I'm trying to teach by example with experience and repetition for the folks that really want to learn how to do it. You can get it from what I'm teaching. You can get the very things that you're looking for. But the problem is if you're constantly moving and evolving into what your your definition of success is, watch this little area in here. If you're constantly changing that, how do you rate or measure success? Like what is it that you're looking for that meets the goal? Like are you trying to trade to be better than me or better than somebody else that doesn't like me? So you can flex on social media because if you're doing that that's stupid if you're trying to be the f the most followed trader. You should run into that right there. You're trying to uh do all those things. They're they're superficial. They're they don't mean anything. Doesn't mean Making money, being able to take care of yourself and your family and build generational wealth. That way you can transfer this information once you learn it. It's yours. It's your skill set. You'll probably be met with the same thing that my own kids have. I mean, because all of you think that they're, man, ICT's kids, they should be so good at trading and this that and the other thing. They're kids just like I was. I wasn't interested when I was 14 and 15 years old. My uncle was trying to tell me he had made money. I didn't give a I didn't care. It didn't mean anything to me. I wanted to be a kid. And that's where my kids are. And I'm trying not to rush them because believe me, I want them to know how to do this. and they just are kids. They're this children at heart still. And even my 20-year-olds, you they're still trying to find themselves. And my daughter's completely lost. She's perpetual student, college kid, because she doesn't want to embrace adulthood and go out there and fail. And I'm her golden parachute that keeps protecting her. Let's see here. Down close candle gap so far. Respecting that to see how if we get up into this area here, do we get above it and treat as support and let's go up to a daily chart. weekly and we have a little bit of ways to go to get up into that inefficiency there. Uh initially we have worked into this high. So there was buy side here. So, that's what we're looking at also on the how the market was reaching into those short-term highs. And I was telling you that's how smart money also distributes their position on their long. So, look at this high here. Okay, I'm going to make this purple because I know I think we got other colors on the lower time frame or maybe I deleted. I don't recall. Let's go back down to one minute chart. Yeah, I deleted it. That purple line here is that weekly or daily chart high. we went above it and soon as we went above that we're in kind of like an area of uh the word excuse me I can't think of what I'm trying to say but we're above that high where liquidity how far do you see it reach on the daily chart let's go back up to it real quick or weekly rather this high here the next important level above here is inside of this inefficiency right there. Okay. So, we have consequent encroachment about mid. Well, let's just do the measurements. Might as well do it right. You're going to do it. Do it right. So, 4428. Okay. So, 4428 is consequent encroachment. And again, I'll just throw this in here because invariably I know some of you are like, can you show me your fib settings? It's the first time I watched your video. And that's an extension. So we'll take that off. And that's an extension. Okay. So there's your ICT fib settings. Rewind the video if you want to see it again. So consequent crunch is midpoint and that's above this high here. So buy side that would rest above here. So buy stops. Who would have a buy stop above that? long-term hedge fund traders, big large funds right in here. 4428. Okay, that's midpoint of this candle's low and this candle's high. And that inefficiency here is a fair value gap. What kind of fair value gap? CBY, sellside imbalance, buy side inefficiency. Meaning that if the market were to efficiently repric to this, it would be doing it with a run higher. where we only had one pass through on the downside with this candle here between this candle's low and this candle's high. We have a partial run into it here, but we now have exposure still with inefficiency between this candle's low and this candle's high. So what I'm saying is if we look at it like this, that's the only real at this moment inefficiency that resides in that old gap between here and here. But not a zone. I look at very specific price levels. The 50% level of this inefficiency here that is consequent encroachment at 4428. So that's a real level. It's not some range. It's a very specific level. Now because we have this range between this high and this candle's low that's shaded in blue. I would do the same thing with that. So that we would have a consequent encroachment level of 4441. So I have 4441 is a key level to the upside and 4428. They should be on your charts. How you note them is your business. I have it written in my notes. It's on piece of paper. The key levels and I have, you know, notations of what time frame they're anchored to. That's it. So me showing you that it would mean nothing to you but showing you in a chart like this and teaching it. I'm already always teaching the levels that I'm interested in anyway every time I'm doing analysis or whatever. But that's how I'm referring to upside and where it might draw to. But we we just poked our head above this old high. And then let's go back down to that one minute chart. Remember I was counseling you to look at how we were going higher, higher, and higher. smart money that went long in here and down in here. They would be selling their long positions above this high above this high and that's how you get your three drives high formation. Okay, which is retail pattern. It's wonderful. But how do you know when it forms? Everything I've outlined here this morning. I told you and brought your attention to it right when it was forming. Is that cherry picked? I'll leave that up to you to decide. So, I would like to see how we behave at this gap right here. Do we go through it like a hot knife through butter and go into this buy side or do we run above it, come back down and act as support and then run which a little bit more sustained run could manifest itself if it did that way. So we had what was that? Five minute. Yeah. So we had our five minute gap. I told you watch that there went higher but inside this range of this wick. Okay. Let's go through that. 4 minute 3 minute. Two minute. One minute. Did you notice how the bodies except for the 4m minute? Look at it again. Here's one minute. Look where the bodies were. Were they going inside the favor gap? No, just the wick were. How about the two minute? Look where the bodies were. The wicks went down to offer what? The inefficiency that was in here. What is an inefficient sellside delivery? It's a buy side imbalance. Sellside side inefficiency. Bissy. It is a fair value gap by classification. But specifics, it's a buy side imbalance, sellside efficiency, meaning that it will likely need to drop into that again offering repricing. Once we leave that range, it becomes what? It's a balanced price range. Let's go into three minute. Look where the body stopped here and 4 minute. See what's happening there? The wicks are doing damage, but it's off offering the sell side, but the wicks and bodies are not both inside that fair value gap. So, what is it telling you? It's likely to go higher, which is why I told you I would like to see how it trades to this. And if it goes above it eventually, the draw in here is what we're looking for. But if it goes above it here, but falls short of this high, does it act as support? You see these flaring the wrong colors. All right. So, we'll just do this. [clears throat] [laughter] always tell myself to pour my water into a a cup so that way you don't hear my water bottle crackling, but I never remember to do it. Such a rebel. There you go. So, we didn't get a return back in to offer a support, which would have been a nice little area of study for entry, but we did get the airbag gap I mentioned here. Let's go up into the climate chart. So, now, how far can it go? ICT. When I have these types of runs, what I like to use the fib for, I'll take the fib, anchor it to the low, draw up to this high, and pull up the extensions. Okay, this will be first partial assuming that you would like if you're looking at price action whether you back test it and it's already happened like when you go to work and come home later on you're watching this video or you were at school or if you're waking up again you were sleeping while it's being live you go back through the data like this and you look at the price swings like this you measure it 1/2 of one standard deviation or negative0.5 that's always going to be a partial no matter how you trade whether if it's this time frame or another. If you have an extension that offers you profitability, I don't care if it's not even five handles, you have to learn to take something there when you're first brand new at learning how to do this because it will reward you and allow you to graduate into trusting trusting yourself, trusting price action, and measuring when it doesn't reach it. How often does it not reach it versus how many times it does? And then what you're seeing here was negative one standard deviation, which is really the measured move of this low up to this high added to this high projected up. So in other words, if you were to take this movement from here to here, duplicate it from this high projected up, that's what this negative standard deviation of one is. So it's it's a perfect measured move. I like to look at how we have traded also. So, let's assume for a moment and play devil's advocate that we were long in here and we rallied up and we took partials here and we wanted to trade the daily range, not trade the session. When I'm doing my examples, I'm teaching you how to trade that particular session. So, I'm moving my stop up to protect the open profits for that particular session, which is what you watched me do yesterday and you see me do in last Thursday's example. So, I showed you both of those positions working what the long side. Why? Because my higher time frame analysis that I've been sharing with you has been calling ES higher. Why? Because it's going to trade in sympathy to NASDAQ. Even though NASDAQ, I told you, was to be was going to be the leader. How do you manage the impulsiveness that comes in with not being in the strongest one because either you didn't know it or you did it by error? I'm teaching you how to not even concern yourself with that. So, if I've already told you that NASDAQ was the leader on the upside, but I'm going to teach you with the medium of the ES mini S&P, Cynics will say, "Oh, well, you you didn't trade NQ, so you're not even following your model." No, I'm teaching you and those individuals that will struggle with the idea that they didn't trade NASDAQ when it was the strongest one because they didn't know or was told by me after November of this year, I won't be telling you these things. So you have to lean on your own experience and what you know. So while it can be frustrating that you're not in the faster running market, it doesn't matter because you can still find you can still find setups. So by having this outlined ex, you know, experience where we know that the market's likely to draw on these higher time frame premium arrays, that means it's going to go up. How do I engage with it? Well, how do I teach you? First, start looking for one good setup per week. Just find one good setup, not an everyday setup. Because if you can find a setup that you can find once a week, that same model, that same approach that you use for that one setup that you've been waiting for for one period of trading inside of an entire week, you're going to forge discipline, self-control. You will get your ends met by that. And because you're getting experience with it, you can take that and reduce it to a smaller time frame and you can find more of that same model in formation across the entire spectrum of the week. Silver bullets exist in many runs, but I just gave you a very specific time when they form every day. But unless you know where the market's going to go, it's highly unlikely that you're going to be consistent with it because you're you're just going to be guessing and you're going to look at every little separation between three candles and think it's a fair value gap that it's an entry on and it's not. You still have to know where the market's likely to go to. Now, devil's advocate. Say we were long and it wasn't a CPI day. It was just a normal every run-of-the-mill day and we went long and everything behaved as we see here. We were taking partials here. We would have taken majority of our trade off in here. The stop would have remained below the opening price at 8:30 when the market started making its run. Let's go back into a one minute chart. Here's your 830 opening price. You would still have your stop where it would be below this opening price initially. Get this scrubbed up here a little bit. This wick consequent encroachment is be would be in here. Your stop would have to be below that. But ICT earlier you said it doesn't need to go down there. It doesn't need to go down there, but it can revisit the consequent encroachment. It can. 8:30 is when the news embargo lifts. That means there's going to be volatility. want to get up and down. Not to this magnitude because CPI is a little bit more aggressive, think of it like non-farm payroll, you can be a little bit more wild, more animated. So, or if you want to be very uh conservative, your stop loss, again, you're trading for the daily range. So, that means you're not trying to do your 30 contracts, your 40 contracts, max position, okay? you're trying to trade the daily range or you're trying to maximize the availability of the full daily range. Your stop could be placed below here minimum consequent encroachment. So let's give you the the specifics on that. So stop loss would have to be below 4388 and a quarter which is so close in proximity to 4387 and a quarter which is the low end where I told you the sell side look resided which is relative equal lows here and the not that one sorry here and again I mentioned the buy side here. So we've already worked that sell side. So, how do you place your stop loss and feel confident that it's not going to hit it and knock you out? If you're trying to day trade, day trading is position trading for the daily range. Intraday scalping is session trading. That means you're trading the morning session before lunch in New York and in the PM session. There's a distinction there. When I say day trading, what I'm saying is you're trying to capitalize on the majority of the daily full run from open to close. You're trying to get the lion's portion of that move. That's not scalping. That's day trading. Scalping or intraday scalping or session trading is where you're getting in and out typically many times within the same hour or so or two hours. How do you trade that ICT versus when you're teaching us recently in the last year or so when I'm doing my examples, I'm teaching you how to operate inside of the session, whether it be the morning session or an afternoon session, whatever one I'm trading in the time, I'm capitalizing the move that I foresee that would be just the lines portion of that specific session of the day. Whether it be London session, New York session, or New York PM session, whatever it is I'm trading, it's relative to that specific session. If you want to capture larger runs on price, then you're going to leave your stop-loss, which I know some of you don't like that. It makes it terribly fearful that leaving a stop loss while the market's running all the way up here and up here, your stop loss would still be below the opening because you won't learn how to place stops and move stops effectively in the beginning by trying to move them tight or try to see what I do like when you see me do that. It always comes with a price. Invariably, if you trail your stop loss, it will be hit eventually. It will absolutely be hit. My stops get hit. When they're trailed up eventually, boom, it gets out. But I have taken the majority of my trade-off in profit before that even happens. So, when I do those examples, I'm teaching you how to graduate into that. Now, I know if I want to be in a day trade, if I think the daily range is going to expand and close near the high of the day, and I'm bullish, then I'm not going to need a rush to move my stop loss. It's going to stay where I initially place it. And I'm not worried about reducing its exposure because throughout the day, what am I doing? I'm taking partials to pay me, which is in by default, it reduces the exposure that you would have with a stop-loss at or below the low end of that range, which would be down here. There's no need for it to come back down here. It's already done the damage and traders are not going to be wanting to go in here and go long because they seen this big wick down here and it wicked here. Now they're scared and they don't understand what you're being taught that the first run on liquidity is the tip. That's the that's the signature that you're looking for. If you want to be long, the best time to go long is after sell stops have been taken. I've said this in old videos on YouTube. Some of the videos aren't even on my YouTube channel anymore. Where are those videos? You're hiding stuff. That's it's just they're old. The production quality sucked. [laughter] But the things I talked about even when I was on Baby Pips, many of you let it go in one ear out the other. But it's still it's still true. So, if you're looking for uh bias, you want to learn how to do daily bias. It starts with understanding where that weekly chart is likely to go to. That's that's the first thing you have to decide. Is it going to more likely go up on the weekly candle or down? Why would it be wanting to go higher or lower? That's what I've been showing you. That's what I've been putting your attention to on that weekly chart. And every time it starts to go low intraday charts on 1 minute, 3 minute and 5 minute candles, you see people out there trying to chase it like it's going to go lower. And it's only going down to present new buying opportunities. That's all it's doing. It's going into discounts. So, as a day trader, you know, you could be still long. Your stop loss will be below the the low end of that dealing range where sellside was already tagged. lines portion of the move would be off here and you would have taken partials above this high here as well. You would not as a day trader put your stop loss below that low. Why? What do I teach you about the lunch hour? Lunch hour macro runs on liquidity. What liquidity? The stops that would favor the folks that have been profitable all morning long going into New York lunch. They have trailed their stop loss. because they don't want to lose open profit when really they're guaranteeing no potential further open profit because the market will in fact many times go down and take out the low of the day that was formed prior to 11 or noon New York local time. They'll take those stops. When does it occur? Between 12:00 New York local time and 1:30 New York local time. Don't believe me? Go into your charts and see if it's what's going on. I don't want you to believe anything I'm saying. I want you to go into the charts and back test and look at that stuff because you will see it. You won't need to hear me say it all the time. It will be in your notes and you'll it'll be part of your repertoire. So, I taught a lot of stuff today. And for someone brand new or this is the first live stream you watched by me, it probably feels disjointed. It feels like it's not really, you know, organized well. It didn't really teach you anything that you can go out and do tomorrow. Um, actually, I taught you a lot that you can go into your charts right now when I'm closing this live stream. You can go into your old price moves and start studying it with the things and reference points that I gave you. Um, I outlined it live for you. I told you where the liquidity on both sides would be. I told you the framework with the fair value gap. I mentioned that we would watch this one here. We're bullish. Okay? I didn't say we're we're topping. Just means that we're looking for the 930 opening. Okay. what it's going to run for. And I told you I want to see how it behaves at this fair value when we're down in here. And we would want to see it run for the buy side, which it did. The longer term draw 4428 I think the first one was Okay, so that's consequent encouragement of the old weekly cibby. Okay, so have that on your charts 4428 and uh treat that going forward into the rest of the week and study how we deliver if at all. It may not get up there this week. It doesn't have to do it this week, but I'm looking for it to graduate towards those levels that I've outlined on the weekly chart. Nothing says that we are making a high or that we've topped. Okay. Um I think that's going to be sufficient for today. Um hopefully you learned something. Hopefully I'll give you some homework to go into your charts and start analyzing seeing where things are are manifesting and build up that experience with your journal. The more experience that you gain in studying old moves, the better you're going to be because your brain is going to retain that as framework. And when you start watching price real time, tape reading where you're not pressing a a demo entry, you're not trading with a live account. You're just watching price and observing what it's doing. That is a critical part of learning how to do this. Whether you learn how to trade through me or anyone else, I promise you if you put more time into that, you will be more equipped, better equipped to trade and try to get these funded account challenges if you want to do funded accounts or trade with your live funds. And you'll know, you won't need me. I never tell anybody it's time for you to start trading with real money. You'll know because you'll be bored by the results. You'll see yourself doing it all the time. you won't be emotional about it. And when you get to that point and you're learning, that is my opinion for you to decide whether or not you want to get in and start risking real money because you're not influenced by the the money or swayed by the periodic times where you do it wrong. You're doing it right more times than you're doing it wrong. So therefore, the results show that there is a probability of sustained profitability if you stick to that same approach going forward. So, hopefully you found this one insightful today, folks. And until I'll talk to you next time, be safe.
