================================================================================
PLAYLIST: ICT Charter Content
VIDEO: ICT Charter Price Action Model 6 - Amplified Lesson
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAcnhdaowME
================================================================================

Okay, folks. Welcome back. All right, so this is part two and somewhat of a a re- visiting uh the initial lesson. So, while it does say here in the title, price action model number six, universal trading model, this is like 6.1. Okay, so it's like a an addition or amplification of what was already shown to you. You should have gone through your charts looking for examples of what was taught in the preliminary lesson for model number six. But, I'm going to build on that today and give you a little bit more insights on how we look for the fractals within the larger whole, break them down so that we have a concise approach on how you pair the time frames within the fractal and frame out low resistance liquidity runs within that that information. Okay, the review. The buy side low resistance liquidity runs and fractals. The stage is a liquidity draw. That means we have to know where price is reaching up to. And this model is like my go-to all the time. Uh because I started as a trader with the commodity markets uh and I didn't understand short selling. I focused primarily on buying only. So, since that's where I started, it I set my roots very deep in the marketplace in terms of being a buyer of assets versus uh short selling. Not that can't short sell. You've seen many examples of that and my content teaches how to do that. And model number six is just a a dimensionally opposed view of what's being taught in six. So, we'll be looking at the sell side low resistance liquidity runs in fractals for model number seven so that we can kind of anticipate what's coming. That's what it is. But, the go-to aspects of this model, it resonates with me as a trader because it builds on a lot of experience because I started as a buyer only. Didn't want to short sell, didn't understand it, and I was afraid of it back in the '90s. But, understanding that markets are predisposed to rally because it's being drawn in as a um an asset of demand or interest or people wanting to be a participant in it. And most of the time that's going to be viewed in the in the form of accumulating a long position in it. The common layperson uh that's not an active trader, they understand the concept of buying a share of stock and hopefully seeing it appreciate in share value and then therefore making a profit. Uh the layperson generally doesn't understand shorting something that you don't own and buying it back at a later time at a lower price and then profiting. Uh but we do that transaction all the time in our real day-to-day life. You know, short selling is we do short selling all the Um but the concept of investing and short selling is alien. Okay, so that's why I started with this one first before I did the sell side low resistance liquidity runs with fractals because it's just like I said, it resonates with me. And if you see a lot of the examples I show, um I'm doing that very thing. If you go back and look at the sample size of all the examples either on like when I was doing forum work and sharing back in 2010, predominantly it was majority of it was buying. Uh because when I go on the marketplace, I'm looking for reasons for it to rally, okay? Um not because I'm a perma bull, not because you know, I can't find short selling opportunities cuz you guys know that I can. Uh it's just I know that's predominantly what the market's going to entice participants to do, buy into it, okay? So, uh I don't need to be in the positions or transactions very long to see a profit. And you're going to see how we can break down the market from a fractal standpoint and use the information with low resistance liquidity runs. But initially, we have to know what the draw is on liquidity. In other words, where is price right now and where is it most likely reaching up to? Okay? Uh it may be a move that's underway presently that you just identified and may be late to the party. You don't have the lowest entry point uh for the maximum reward. That's not necessary. It's not required to to find profitable setups. But we do look for where market is right now at current market action price to where it may reach to. So, we're looking for a targeted premium array. So, in other words, where is the market trying to reach up to relative to a higher time frame. Now, the higher time frame is going to be the stage, okay? The setup is going to be on your lower time frame behind that. In other words, if we're looking at, for instance, a weekly chart for our liquidity draw, for our stage, Our setup's going to occur on the daily chart. And our entry pattern will be found on the 4-hour. Okay? So, that's how we break it down within fractal format. And we frame out buy-side low resistance liquidity runs. The setup is going to be a buy-side liquidity draw. In other words, buy stops. Within a market maker profile. Now, it's generically classified here as just a market maker profile because we can find buy setups universally in both a market maker buy or a market maker sell model. It's either or. Doesn't make a difference. And I'm going to kind of cover that today. And then the pattern itself we're looking for is fair value. Now, before we get into it, just in your notes, the fair value pattern is either going to be in the form of a fair value gap, filling in a liquidity void, or running sell stops. Okay? All three of those are fair value. You can't get any fairer than running out sell stops and buying them up. I obviously know the value of buying a gap that's filled and or a liquidity void that's filled. Okay? So, our pattern is one of those three things. Okay? So, if fair value is up to you and what you see on the chart. Uh some of the setups in the price action won't provide you a fair value gap or a liquidity void. So, what are you going to be looking for? The running sell stops. Okay? It's very easy to classify that if it's a fair value gap, most likely won't go for the sell stops. It'll just go down, rebalance at the at the gap or the void. Once it closes it, it won't want to go below the low to take the sell stops. Especially if there was a recent run on sell stops. So, the likelihood of them coming back once more to take out sell stops is less likely to occur. Can it happen? Sure, it can. But, for your notes and as a general rule of thumb and that's all we really operate in is probabilities. There's no guarantee, uh you know, the things I'm teaching here is going to be 100%. In fact, I'm telling you it's not going to be 100%, but we're looking for high probability conditions and this is going to help you frame that those those ideas. Okay, I'm just going to breeze through this cuz this is the same information we had in the initial presentation of model number six. You guys can see these notes. I'm going to again I want to preface the real meat of the content is that you have to understand where the market's most likely going up to. Everyone knows the market can reach up to a bearish order block. Not many times that's just going to be the end of the move and it may go into consolidation or retrace a little bit and then continue even higher. All we're looking for is next most likely high probable premium array. Okay, on a higher time frame. That may be a bearish order block. It may be a fair value gap that's above current market price or it could be an old high that we anticipate seeing it run above. Okay? It's not important whether the long-term higher time frame move is going to continue. That's not what's necessary. We just need to know where it's going to reach for and then we frame that out relative to the things we're talking about in this model. And again, obviously you have to know are we at a current market price that would present a discount array to propel or rally price up to that premium array or that buy side liquidity draw. Okay? Between those two points we will be identifying one or two because we're looking at a market maker sell model initially here. Okay, so the pattern or the uh the setup, if you will, is the market maker sell model and we're using the buy side of the curve. Okay, so before it turns and reverses, everything to the left of the reversal point is our range. Okay, so we're trading between where we believe there's a discount array up to our targeted premium array. There may be two opportunities using the model as a market maker sell model. It doesn't have to create two, but we will look for one. Okay? Now, in your notes, the higher time frame scenarios tend to have two stage or two opportunities to go long before it reaches the premium array. The lower time frames tend to just go in one move up. Okay, so it goes your your buy, it rallies a little bit and then retraces one time, and there's your initial buy after the move has already started, and then it takes off and reaches for the the buy side liquidity pool. So, if we're in a higher time frame, we anticipate this fractal to create two buying opportunities. Again, we don't you know, more than force that as a all the time panacea, but from a rule base standpoint looking back over many, many examples, the higher time frame tends to give us two opportunities. So, if you missed the initial one, then you have a secondary many times on a higher time frame to get a buy opportunity to reach for that higher time frame premium array. So, in other words, if this was, say, a weekly chart or a daily chart or maybe in a 4-hour chart. Uh generally you'll see two opportunities. Anything less than 4-hour, it can create just one opportunity to get to the premium array and then it creates the reversal. Okay, and the market maker sell model will unfold. Okay, and obviously we know looking at the notes here, we've seen it before but this one have it here for completeness sake. And I'll take a little bit more information out of this fractal. When we look at this, what we're really gauging in the marketplace is the likelihood of a price swing up to go down. What we're looking at as an overall price swing is the market should rally up to create a selling opportunity and then distribution should come in the marketplace. But we can participate in the rally up because we know what the level is they're likely to reach for to create a later term sell-off. So, if we know we're below that future quote-unquote resistance that would create a selling opportunity, it's feasible for us to find an opportunity to go long. And if we can do that, then we can find an opportunity to trade or engage price action. We can be nimble later on and when it trades up to that buy-side liquidity pool, if it trades to that premium array, we can see that as a selling opportunity as a later time. But for right now, I'm teaching one section of the model and one aspect of the fractal. So, try not to, you know, have all these questions about what happens when we go to the other side of the liquidity draw. Is it going to be a sell-off here and you you already know I'm already anticipating 50,000 questions that's going to come to me, okay? Either by email or Twitter or direct message or whatever and they're going to ask me all about the sell side of the curve and which after the reversal. Stop trying to go ahead. Stop trying to skip ahead and just focus on the modular approach that I'm giving you. If you just focus on one piece at a time, you'll get the whole picture at the end, but if you try to do everything at one time, you're not going to you're not going to get it. And there's folks still in the mentorship that don't know how to find market maker buy models and sell models. So, I'm teaching you the very basic approach that gets you to that level of understanding where they will form and what to do with that information, how to engage price with it. So, in essence, let's take a look at what's you actually going on in this overall fractal. Essentially, what we have here is a price swing higher to go lower, okay? So, if you look at it like a bell curve, okay, I created this uh graph to kind of like give you the uh the internal dialogue of how I see price swings. And we're going to use this model uh on a weekly basis. So, we're anticipating a rally in the weekly chart that will form a later likely sell-off. Now, our interest is only on the buy side of the curve. So, everything to the left of this price swing where it makes its reversal to high at the buy side liquidity. The weekly chart's range that you're looking at is where price is right now or where could trade down into and it becomes a point of accumulation that could be a bullish order block, it could be a fair value gap that gets filled that creates the buying opportunity initially. It could be an old low that was ran out in turtle soups and starts to run higher. Primarily we're looking for some measure of consolidation initially and then a run out of that consolidation. Then we'll find hopefully the first reaccumulation price point in the impulse leg that leads to the buy side liquidity pool or premium array. The reason why I'm giving you different examples what these PD arrays may be is because every trading opportunity is going to be different. Okay, not every price swing is going to have, like I said, a bullish order block that starts it off. It could be a old low that's ran out which is a turtle soup and this continuously runs from there. But once we see the setup, okay, where we may be looking for a run from this area here which would be accumulation inside of a consolidation. If it leaves that area in this price point here which is anywhere between 20 and 30% of the initial price swing where we anticipate where we're at and where it may reach for, okay, so in other words the market's trading down here. The weekly chart has a fair value gap or bearish order block up here, okay, whatever that price would be. Conceptually we're looking for the initial buying opportunity after it already starts to run. Okay, we don't need to be right down here. Once it starts to run between 20 and 30% of that anticipated range which is where we believe it is now and where it may be reaching up to 20 to 30% of that range, that's where the first buying opportunity is going to be. Okay? So, the reason why I'm saying 20 to 30 is because it may be a little bit higher than we anticipate once it starts to trade up here. Okay? So, think about how we learned about grading price swings. If this is our low or anticipated point of origin, and our terminus, which is up here, whatever that range is, if we break that down into four equal quadrants, then we can go 25, 50, 75, and terminus is 100%. But because terminus may be a variable that's unknown, this is just the initial terminus, this is what we frame the setup on, but it may change and and evolve at a later time based on what scenario unfolds over here at stage two of reaccumulation. Okay? So, just understand that there's a little bit of a gray area in there, and it's not to scare you, it's not to make it impossible, it's just based on what you see in price action. We may only get that one stage of reaccumulation, and then it runs directly to terminus. But if it runs up and falls short and starts to correct, you have a built-in advantage because now you can start looking at projections with the price swing and the fib on the retracement that takes place at stage two re- uh reaccumulation. In other words, that's secondary buying opportunity. If the fib projections, like 127 or 168 extensions on your fib, if they start aligning up here with that premium array for the buy side liquidity draw, then you know that this is a really good opportunity to be entering on a long and then reaching up to that price point. If we see price has already hit terminus on an old move that we didn't see maybe or maybe we participated in it. We don't you know, we don't know. I'm just giving you a range of ideas here. As price starts to break down if it takes out the second level or second stage reaccumulation on the left side of the curve or the buy side of the curve of the market maker sell model if it breaks that down and trades below the first okay? What will happen is many times it will reach for the sell stops that would be resting right below stage one reaccumulation. So, if this is a market maker sell model that becomes a buying opportunity over here okay? What we're reaching for is the sell stops below stage one reaccumulation. Okay, so just look directly across the curve. Where is the low in here? Once it takes that out and then it'll probably resume and go higher, okay? So, that's the third opportunity using the market maker sell model but looking for buys only. If we're looking at this opportunity on the time frame of a weekly, notice I have your little notations here. You're going to see this form on a daily and or 4-hour. That's where these price swings are going to occur. How you can use this information even further is if you're not comfortable with holding swing trades or position trades cuz this is what these contend to be. You can use the opportunities when price gets in these areas here. If you think price is going up here on a weekly and you're down here then what you can do is you can look for opportunities to be a buyer on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday when price is between this price point and this price point. Now, think about what I just told you. You're framing out one shot one kill with the weekly idea in in mind. If you're here, and again, this is all framed on weekly, you can look for one shot one kill scenarios for Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, and wait for the buy side liquidity pool or buy side liquidity draw to be reached as a terminus for your one shot one kill. Going back to this one here, you can be a short-term swing trader and be buying in here with the expectation taking profits at this level here before the retracement, and then buy again, which is pyramiding. So, you buy two standard lots down here of a particular pair, and you take profits up here. Okay? And once it retraces, you can add on two. So, that way you have your your two here, you took off one, you retraced, you add two more, and then you run up to this price point here, and you compound your potential winnings and trade with the higher time frame premise in mind. If you didn't understand what I just said, go back in the recording and listen to it again because I just gave you a way of using a position trading model, use it for swing trading and/or short-term one shot one kill. When we get over here, this becomes a position trade opportunity because we're looking at a weekly opportunity framework. So, if we're going to be entering down here, the model's based on position trading. It can be swing trading, um but more or less, it's it's going to most likely want to run above this old high. It doesn't have to define profitability, but that would be the framework for the entry down here if you if you're going to take that and use it with this model. Eventually, though, if the market does break down, it's going to be looking for the spots below here for offset distribution. All right. So, if this model is on a daily chart, everything is framed with a daily potential price move up to a buy-side liquidity draw or premium array. This will be seen or the first stage of reaccumulation will be seen on the 4-hour and or the 60-minute chart. And the same thing I just said for the previous slide for stage two reaccumulation is attributed to same price point and then reaching for terminus here. Again, the same model idea is if we break below stage one reaccumulation on the buy-side of the curve over here, this could be a longer-term buying opportunity. In other words, it could be a swing trade or it could be the beginning of a beautiful position entry, long-term position entry. If we have the time frame seen on the daily and we are at this price point here and we think the daily is going to reach up to this price point later on the 4-hour and 60-minute in this area here, we can frame uh short-term trades. For instance, this say this is a Tuesday if it's trading here, we would anticipate it trading up to this price point on Wednesday. And then Wednesday, we could see a trade up to Thursday, and Thursday could create the what? Reversal market profile. And then you would see all that distribution take place going into the beginning of Friday, and then Friday may or Monday may set up the buying opportunity that starts here and takes us up to a higher price point. So, you can start seeing how all these things become a measure of internal dialogue. So, not only are you just looking at candles, but you're looking at how all these things mesh together from a fractal standpoint using the ICT market maker buy and sell models. Using the sell model here, there's lots of ways you can use the information to frame particular setups relative to what you're comfortable trading. Now, I'll take it down one more time frame to a 4-hour. Say we see price is trading down here. We anticipate it's going to be up here. We do our uh price grading. Okay, we can see potential quadrants. But, between 20 and 30% that's where the first stage of reaccumulation is going to occur. You'll see that on the 60-minute and 15-minute time frame. And stage two reaccumulation will be in here. When we get into these lower time frames, then we can start looking at how we can incorporate the 20 I'm sorry, the 10, the 20, and the 30-pip stop sweeps. Then, it becomes a lot more precise. If we're down here, say on a Tuesday, same model that we mentioned earlier, we can anticipate a run up into this area here for Wednesday. And then Wednesday, we anticipate a run up into Thursday trading the high generally Thursday New York open. And then the reversal going into the week. If we see that we're in this area here, and say we started the move in London, and we haven't met where we anticipate stage two reaccumulation, we can look for New York to create a continuation to take us up into this area here. And we can leave a piece on to get it exited at terminus here, so we can start doing our time of day trades, which is like New York. And I'll be honest with you, when I look at the market for last year, everything I've done on Twitter publicly, this is the model I've used here. When it's been buying, go back and look at my examples, they're all there. Okay, everything I just told you as it relates to this 4-hour using the Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday model, I I just gave it to you right here. Okay, but you have to know all those things that we went through in the 12 months of core content, and then build it all together in the one model, and you'll see very quickly it's easy to find the setups if you can frame it like this, but you have to have the time frame you're looking at, which is your stage. If you're looking at a 4-hour chart, don't let me force you to look at a daily and a weekly. Okay, if you are comfortable with a 4-hour, and you can see what institutional order flow is on the 4-hour, are we bullish or bearish? Are we seeing uh down close candles supporting price? Are up close candles being broken? Are we clearing new highs and not breaking down? Okay, everything's in you know, indicating that we're in a strong bullish institutional order flow. If that's the case, then we can be safe in wanting to go with longs only. Now, it doesn't mean we're not going to be stung and and and wrong. We can be, okay? And and we could be re you know, you know, relying on something that's not in the charts. Okay, that's why you have to have stop losses, but with what I just showed you here, when the price comes to these levels, what are we looking for? And I I don't believe I've mentioned this in the previous opportunities uh in other slides, but when price starts to retrace, many times it's going to be looking for fair value gap in here. If there's no fair value gap in this consolidation in stage one reaccumulation, in other words, after the first initial price swing, if it doesn't create any fair value gap, then it's going to most likely go down and run a short-term low seen on the 15-minute time frame. Okay, that's what that means. And once it runs those stops, then it'll expand and have an expansion to the upside until we get into the area with time and price where we expect to see stage two reaccumulation. Same thing happens in that consolidation, any retracement, we're going to be looking for a fair value gap, liquidity void, something like that. If it doesn't exist, then we'll be looking for the sell stops. The fair value gap is also bullish order block because that would be closing in any inefficiencies. Price would run to terminus and then obviously yeah, we would look for some measure of consolidation or potentially a reversal. Okay, and lastly, looking at this model on a 60-minute time frame, if the chart's saying that we're down here and we anticipate price is going to be up here, that's our range that we're trading in. So, once price starts to move up about 20 to 30% of the anticipated terminus or the objective between where terminus would be, where we're aiming for and where price is now, 20 to 30% there should be some setup form. If there will recalibrate, run for fair value gap or sell stops and then run to another area in here, time and price should meet. Could be a trading session, it could be a trading day. And then another fair value gap or sell stop run and goes to terminus. Again, same premise. This could be time of day. This could be like London close where it ends it or it could be Wednesday market reversal or Thursday market reversal. If this was a FOMC uh Thursday then this rally could be up here to Friday creating the market reversal high. Okay, or could be uh this is Wednesday and we trade into um FOMC here and Thursday creates the high of the week. Cuz there's a a so many different variables and I can't give you every possible one because I'm not in front of the chart at the same time with the calendar and what's available in price action. Is there a fair value gap in this area in this consolidation? If there isn't then it's going to probably reach for the sell stops. Okay? If if we see a rally in here on the 60-minute time frame this is 4 60-minute or less. Once we get to 60-minute time frame if we rally up and we stop in here and we could just create a short-term high if 20 to 30 or 10 20 30 pips is where we get to terminus then we know that we have a strong likelihood of the market not running the sell stops. Okay? Go back to the the notes about creating price swings. Generally, they don't want to have a run on stops and this will be the last push in that price move and it'll be the most accelerated price price swing. So, while this point here to here may be nice and solid going up it'll many times take this move from stage two reaccumulation to terminus in less time than it did from this area here to this area. And again, we may not even have a stage two reaccumulation in this market maker sell model. It may be just saying just entering here and then it just takes off. How do you know when that's going to happen? Well, if your terminus is predetermined here, you think this is where the target is. If we rally up and leave 30 pips or less when it starts to consolidate, there isn't going to be a second one. So, whatever you're going to do for your trade, do it all in that one entry, and then it takes off and goes here. So, in other words, meantime stage two will really just be stage one, and there won't be a stage two. It'll just get right to terminus and it'll be over. Okay? So, this is what we're looking at internally. And you want to look at your price action relative to whatever time frame you're using with this in mind. Okay? And you frame out everything that this gave you in the previous slides. Okay? In continuation using the market maker buy model, we're looking for a discount array to find some measure of buying. And our terminus will be some liquidity pool resting above equal highs many times. We're focusing on the buy side of the curve here. And you'll get one or two stage reaccumulations. And if we obviously focus on points like this um where it says the liquidity this may be the last stage or second stage of redistribution in a larger buy model. Okay? So, in other words, like this one here. This consolidation and then drop down if you can think about it in a a smaller form, we could be looking at this here. This consolidation may be this high of a larger buy and that's how price is fractal. But we need to know where price is relative to our time frame we're looking at for our stage and if we identify this down here as a discount rate where we think price is going to potentially reverse, we don't need to know if it's going to reverse and be in there at that price point. We don't need that, okay? That's a smart money reversal. You don't need that to be profitable. We're going to wait for price to find that reversal, okay? And once it creates it, then we'll be looking for the buy-side of the curve to unfold targeting the liquidity over here. Okay? Now, thinking back what I just mentioned as a potential model, this high it drops down and reverses, that may be this area here, okay? In other words, if we looked at this price swing from here down to here, that may be this whole business here being this high and then trading down. That's this price swing here on a larger bimodal. And I probably confused you, but go back and listen to the video again and you'll see what I mean when we start showing examples. Um I'm going to invite you all to be putting what you see in your own study in the thread and I'll give you examples of each week, too, that we can see it. But I want you to study it first. Conceptually go into your charts and see these things, find them, okay? And if you don't find them right away, if it's very hard, it's okay. It's normal. But once you start seeing some of the examples from me and other people in our mentorship, you'll see really quickly how fast your setups will start jumping off the chart and how you can frame them relative to time, the fractals, and the model. But we would have stage one and stage two of reaccumulation on the buy-side of the curve. And terminus would be some measure of a run above the original consolidation over here. So, keeping that in mind this model may not have two stages of reaccumulation. It may just give you one. Uh the way you determine if it's going to be stage one only or stage two is once we leave the consolidation that starts to smart money reversal. Once we have that market structure break if it rallies all the way up to just 30 pips or less below here, then it's only going to be one retrace one retracement rather, and then it goes to terminus. Okay, so it's very easy for you to determine if you're going to have one or two stage reaccumulations. It just goes back to the IPDA 30 pip, 20 pip, and 10 pip stop sweeps. That's how you use that for a filter. All right, so conceptually and internally this is how I see every price swing going down that may set up a buying opportunity. Uh you have a measure of accumulating in here. What's it accumulating? Short positions. Market drops down. There's an area of redistribution or stage one redistribution. Drops down again, area of redistribution or stage two distribution. It goes down to term uh not terminus, but it'll go to our sell side liquidity pool. Now, it could be a terminus of a um market maker sell model which would have been over here and it created a sell off here. Then you have distribution, redistribution, and then terminus for that previous market maker sell model. Uh for an example of something like that, uh if you look at the dollar Swissie um right now it's September 16th 2018. Um and I'll I'll share this actually tomorrow in in the thread after posting this. Um it's real real late right now where I'm at, so it's going to be a late uh, posting for you. Probably won't be watching it till Monday morning your time. But, looking at where we have the sell side liquidity pool here, when price gets down here, we would anticipate a measure of, uh, support, potential buying. Uh, we don't need to be in at that price point. We want to see a market structure break to the upside, and then, again, using our accumulation point or where the equal highs are or original consolidation, that's our terminus plus 10, plus 20, plus 30 pips. Okay? Uh, really, we're just aiming for the initial consolidation high, and that's going to be the end of it. So, that's terminus. So, we look at the where we think the market's going to trade down to and create a buying opportunity, and where that original consolidation is, that's our range that we're trading in. Okay, so we're using internal range liquidity to trade, going long, going long, and then reaching into this area here for our profit objectives. The first stage of reaccumulation is in here with the market maker buy model. What you're going to do is you're going to look over here and find where the redistribution area was on the sell side of the curve, which is when you see a price swing that goes down and then starts to go up, the curve is divided by the reversal point at the low. Everything to the left, that's your sell side of the curve. When you're looking for buying opportunities, you're going to go directly directly crossed and find where the redistribution area was. In the up closed candles, that's where your buying opportunity is going to overlap, because everything that was done here, selling short, they're going to mitigate that. Okay? Anything over here as an up closed candle or candles will be the basis of your second stage reaccumulation. What is the, uh, the pattern you're looking for? Again, optimal trade entry, fair value gap, bullish order block. Um the liquidity voids being filled. If there's a lack of any imbalances on the buy side that don't need to be rebalanced with sell side delivery then they're probably going to run back for sell stops. Then look for expansion to get to the original consolidation, run above that, completing the market maker buy model. When we have examples of this it'll be much clearer and you'll be able to see what it looks like and it'll burn the market maker models at a greater depth of detail far more than it ever has before. But using this example here okay, I want you to draw this out in your own artistic ability for your notebook. Everything you see here, as you see it, draw it out. And then do it for each time frame like I did with the previous slides where I showed the weekly and I showed you each area in here will be relative to a daily and 4-hour. Then on a daily chart I showed that it would be a 4-hour and 60-minute chart. So on. Go back through the slides and on your PDF and use it and create the same models in your own handwriting using this, okay? Put that in your journal and then go through the charts, go back through old data look at stocks, look at commodities look at indices look at forex pairs. Tell me if you don't see these things unfolding all across all assets and by using the model that I gave you relative to the time frames, break them down and you'll see the market maker sell model and the market maker buy model in high def presentation. You'll be able to see it. Once you have that ability to find them in the old data, then you'll know what to look for going forward. But you have to know where the price points are that create the buying opportunity, which is a discount array. And over here, we're looking for the accumulation original consolidation to be taken out, okay? And that's over here. And that's going to be it for this presentation. Until next time, I wish you good luck and good trading.
