================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: NQ High Of Day Short Review
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8Pn8DHFSW8
================================================================================

Folks, welcome back. All right, just a quick little review. Um, this is going to be the last trading day for me for this week. So, uh, my schedule's going to be a little bit busy my personal life. So, I'm not sure when and how I'll get content to you. So, I don't want to make promises how I'm going to teach anything else the rest of this week. Uh, I'll have more time come Sunday. So just be content with enough. Okay. All right. So we have the daily chart. The daily chart for NQ NASDAQ futures September delivery for 2026. And I've been counseling you to look at this buy and balance side efficiency and I've graded that because it's a very large range that we'd be confronted with intraday. And you can see we spent one, two, three, four, five days inside of this buy side and balance sell sign efficiency. Now, last night, right before we had a restart at 6 p.m. Eastern time, the objective I was looking for, I felt that we would probably try to get down into that buy side and balance sellside efficiency level right here. I mean, it got close to it, but it said no, I'm not interested in going down there. >> [laughter] >> So, we have Jackson Hole Symposium this week. It starts on Thursday, but uh there's a whole lot of tom foolery that week. So, just again, I'm counseling you to write this in your journal. Every time you look at the my calendar, you see Jackson Hole Symposium, just expect a lot of weird, quirky price action, okay? It's going to do things that you're not going to expect and it's highly manipulated. just know that that's the that's what's on the menu when that event takes place. Okay? It's several days long and thankfully it's only Thursday and Friday this week, but it's still, you know, it's going to impact everything like it has. All right. So, uh that's what you saw me get wrong. [snorts] Okay. So, I wanted to see a move down in there. Um obviously, you know, I'm not going to trade Asia. I was going to bed and I actually got a lot of sleep last night for a change. So, it was good. I know. Why are you talking about that stuff? Nobody wants to hear about that. Just talk about the trading. Talk about the market. You're not a good teacher. You're such a fraud. Speaking of which, okay, I want you to think about everything I'm going to cover here tonight. And for the folks that have been with me for a long, long time. This is not something new to you. You know, I've been doing these things. I was doing these things with Forex in front of an army, okay? An army, an exclusive army, okay? And I am one that will go out and tell you that, you know, I'm not afraid of claiming that I could short the high of the day, the high of the week, and buy the low of the day and buy the low of the week. Okay? But saying those things and then being able to demonstrate it is entirely something different. Okay? So, I want you to think about what I'm going to cover. It won't be that long of a video, but I want you to think about what I'm covering. The conceptual ideas that I'm bringing forth. They're not new because I've already taught them. It's not It's not that they're old because they belong to someone else. It's because I already taught them, okay? And I want you to reason with yourself or amongst yourselves, okay? and try to determine how this is borrowed logic from anything because I keep repeating it continuously. Why don't people dissect my trades? If it's something else, why aren't they able to go through the logic of someone else's stuff, whether they're alive or or passed on in deference to uh like white golf and GAN and everybody else, think about it, okay? I I want you to think about it and then when you see these people post nonsense that it's rebranded, you won't be emotionally shocked by that. You won't be disturbed by it. Okay. Uh, they can't they can't answer the things I'm doing with executions. The logic I'm recording the entire thing and I understand that there's some of you still I'm not going to be convinced unless you do it in front of me. All that is is a plea for you to copy what I'm doing. And I don't care to read your comment. When I see things like that, I mute you. That means you can still read what I'm doing. You can leave comments. Other people will see your comments. I'm just never going to see what you post, okay? because it's nonsense. I don't spoon feed here. Uh my students know that for years back, okay? And that's just the way it is. Cuz you're not going to learn the trade by copying me. You're not going to you're not going to take the trade as soon as I would take it. You're not going to feel comfortable with the stop-loss I'm going to put in there. You're not going to trade with the leverage I'm trading with. You don't know if it's really going to go where I'm aiming for. You don't know what makes me want to add to the position. So that's not helping you learn. That's you being tethered to someone. Okay. So while it's admirable for folks that like my students um that got really good at trading you, they do their own little signal services. They do their own little copy me type thing. And that's great. That's wonderful. That's their personality and they're comfortable with having that risk. I am not holding the risk for your trades. I don't have any emotion about the trade executions I'm making because I have confidence in myself. But if I introduce the concept of worrisome outcomes, then it's going to cause me to second guess things that I don't normally second guess. And that's the reason why I don't do it. Plus, not to mention, there's a lot of you and you won't let me get my fill. Okay? There isn't a ton of liquidity in these little price points where I'm trying to get in at. I'm going in in a very small little space at a very specific price and you will shove me out of my position and you'll frontr run my orders and I won't get filled. Now, for some of you that are brand new or wet behind the ears, you are going to hear that and say you're making excuses. Talk to people that know how trading works. You're not going to get 10,000 people in at the same price. It's not happening, folks. It's not going it's not going to happen. Someone's missing the bus. Okay? And I just don't want to miss the bus. And you can look at that and consider that greed, selfishness, whatever. It's simply the way the mechanics of the market is. Okay? It's just that simple. So, you make with it what you want. You're welcome to join the little small band of characters on the short bus that want to say that I'm a fraud and that none of this stuff works or it's reb it's either one or the other. Which one is it? And it's coming out both sides of their mouth. Sometimes they'll say it's concepts that's been rebranded by someone else or they'll say the concepts don't work and they're blurring the line depending upon what day of the week it is [laughter] and who they're supporting or or rallying behind when they're against me. It's it's either one or the other. And all you have to do is look at what I'm doing, what I'm teaching. And I want you to think about that tonight. Okay? I understand there's a monologue here and you don't like that. Some of you complain about it. And the people that post the the video starts at this minute marker. If you post that, I'll block you. I don't leave things like that because I want people to hear what it is I'm saying because it means something. Because I get so many questions sent to me. Okay? And a lot of it is, what do you think about this person who said that you're a fraud? And what about this person that says you didn't do this or do that or you can't do this or do that? All I have to do is say, "Look what I teach you and then look at me execute with the logic and look what the market does after I say what I think it's going to do." I'm not 100%. Clearly, it didn't go down there and touched the volume and bounce high, but it traded in that direction. I gave you all the details up here with this gap and this wick and the body stayed below the midpoint of that wick right there. And it's not a supply zone because of this candlestick. Has absolutely nothing to do with it. This candlestick has no bearing on why the body stopped here in this swing and why the high stopped there. You're not going to get supply and demand delivered that high. But good old YCT told you there's your gap. This is this is what's called a clinic, folks. Okay? This is what you do when you want to mop the floor with these goobers out there that want to talk smack. Look at that. My my logic refer back to it. If it's bearish, it's not going to go in the upper half of the PDA. Only wicks can add to it this candlesticks wick. Graded only interested in the middle right there. Watch where the bodies are stopping. Right there. See that? Tell me where that's in supply and demand. That's that's my logic, folks. Nobody else teaches that. There's a whole lot of people out there teaching it now because they see me using it and I've proven the concept works and I'm putting trades out that a lot of you can't even imagine entering at levels you can't even imagine and using stop-loss management that none of you can even imagine. But that comes because of authorship. That's me knowing my own conceptual ideas. I codified these things. I didn't learn it from some Joe Schmo off of a book on the library shelf or a video library on YouTube or some person out there that, you know, teaches other people price action. I didn't learn these things from them. Those people are secretly learning from me. And that's the truth. That is the truth. And I'm sure that it's going to be upsetting to some of you. It's going to sound arrogant. I'm not being egotistical. I'm replying to people that continuously send me new waves of questions about what what are my opinion about this and what about my this is going to continue. Okay. So when people complain about it saying you need to stop defending yourself. I'm not defending myself. I'm answering people that come to me and ask these questions because I have a lot of content and I want them to give it a go for real and not be influenced by other people because it's meant to scare them away. when I don't charge them anything. Just come here with an honest attempt. Give it an honest go study. Put your heart into it and kind of like block everybody out. Don't tell anybody what you're doing. Don't tell anybody you're you're studying. And just simply put your nose to the task of studying what it is I put out in lectures. And then look at price action and see if the things that I teach, does the market do that on a day-by-day basis? Because if you do that, I promise you in the scope of four weeks, you will be convinced that everybody else that talks smack are clueless or they're monetizing an opinion because they're selling something themselves. And I'm very bad for business because I do everything for free. I don't collect any kind of money. I use my influence to give away. And I could be profiting millions of dollars a week if I wanted to turn that machine on. And I don't want to because I don't need the money and I don't I don't want to be that person. I just want to share. I want to encourage all of you to use the concepts that I've been blessed with and I just want you to do well. Okay? So, you're welcome to believe other people, but none of these people's opinion of me are going to make me jump through hoops, okay, to perform from for them when I don't see them even doing any trading at all. So, there's my mind log. Let's get on with the business. So, we're going to drop into a one minute time frame. [snorts] And first order of business is we're going to go to uh Friday of last week. And this will help some of you understand why I felt confident that the relative equal highs were not going to get blown out this morning. Uh let's go to calendar. Friday the 21st. Yeah, every time I look at this calendar on Trading View, it is confusing to me because usually when I look at a calendar, and you probably know what I mean when I when I say this, it usually ends with Saturday and then Sunday is usually the first day on a new week, but they have the weekend like this. It's kind of weird, but it's last Friday, so August 21st, 2026. We're going to go to that day, and we're going to go down to 9:30 open for trading. So you can see here this is the first presented fair value gap here is 9 30 here and there is the next candlestick at 9:31. So between this candlestick's low and this candlestick's high. Uh look at the open on this candlestick. 426 even and the close on this one is 426 even. So there is no volume imbalance. You have to use this wick. Okay. So that's first presented fair value gap of last Friday. Now, if you are a student of mine and you listen to those really boring, long lecture points where I go off what you think is off topic, but I'm staying on topic. The topic is is I'm trying to teach you as a student how to do this correctly, how to read price action correctly, how to be a master of self and not be a victim of a market. You're looking at very specific things that I teach. And on Mondays, first percent of fair value got and on Fridays first percent of fair got. I taught these things in lectures in Twitter spaces. I mentioned them in lectures. I didn't make a big deal about it. I didn't say hey. But I do say these things. That's why when you watch my videos, you'll swear up and down that they were edited because I'm saying a lot of things and I drone on a lot because I have a lot of information that I'm putting out there. So my bandwidth is broad, but your if your attention span is very short because you're tired or you're fatigued or you're in a hurry, you're trying to rush through the lectures, you're not going to do well doing that. So here we are. We're looking at this gap right there. And we're going to project that in the future. Now, we're going to go to today. Same bit of business, 9:00 a.m. All right. Now, here we have Friday, August 21st, 2026. First presented fair. This is the backdrop behind why I trusted relative equal highs were not going to get blown out. These two highs right here, here, and here. Trading above it just a little bit. I'm looking for this to trade just to clear that. Okay. So, we went into it here. What are the bodies doing? What are they doing? They're failing to touch consequent encroachment, which is the halfway point of my first presented here gap. Now, listen folks, listen. This what I'm talking about. You hear these guys out there or you read their post, they say, "ICT pretends he in created imbalances." No, I never said I created imbalances. What I have done was reveal to you how the market itself uses very specific imbalances that even people like Chris Lori and other people that do price action and people talk about volume profile and they say it's a low volume node or it's the single print this and this that. Yeah, come on man. I know what I'm looking for before the day can populate your volume profiles. I already know what I'm looking at last Friday, Jack. I'm looking at last Friday. The very first percent of fair value gap. The very specific one. It's not the very first one if you look at it because remember I skipped over that 9:30 candle. It ain't using 930s candle. It's using the 931 candle. Oh, funny how the details kind of twist the knife, doesn't it? See, that's why these people, I'm sure there's a lot of you out there that try to sit out there and try to come up with a way we can argue these things, try to prove it's something out of a white cough and out of Elliot wave and supply and demand and all these other things. GAN, Mr. Williams, Larry Williams, he doesn't use this stuff. He never taught anything like this. Never in his million years has he ever seen anything like this. I am the one that brought it forward. Okay, that's not arrogance. It's historical fact. And the logic I taught is if it trades up into a key PD array, what makes it key? The first presented fair app on every Monday and go back the last two weeks. Okay, the Monday and Friday of the last two weeks when you're in the present week of trading, look at the first percent of fair gaps for both Fridays and Mondays. Tell me I'm a liar. Tell me I never said that. And I promise you, I promise you, an army of people will tell you, I was there when he taught it. And some of you are going to come out with the minute marker and the actual lecture where it was said. So, please step. Please. I'm ready to answer all of your garbage. Okay? I'm coming out here and I'm doing what other people who claim I'm a fraud can't even get close to doing. The bodies are not touching consequent encouragement. Is that bullish or bearish? Based on what I teach, order flow, it's bearish. Does it trade up in the upper half? No. Just a tiny little wick. So, it already indicates that this is signifying that this PDR is it's weak. There's no continuation follow- through indicated at all here. Now, what happens over here? Well, we're inside of Tuesday's trading 17 minutes or so. What is that? 18 minutes after 8:00 a.m. this morning, we make another attempt. Look what we do. We create another high here. Wow. The bodies are doing what? Saying, "Don't worry about this PD array. It's going to hold them down." Hold what down? The buying pressure. [laughter] Think about that now, Jack. Okay, think about that. I'm either following an algorithm that supposedly doesn't exist using logic that no one else knew or I'm predicting the end of buying pressure and the beginning of selling pressure. Which one is it, kiddo? Which one is it? Failure. Failure. this PD array from last Friday which I have taught Kitten Company Hitmon. I'm sure she's got the actual lecture and the time it was actually mentioned in it. There's people holding me to accountability and they're writing down things that I say and they're looking for the logic and I'm just trying to hold you by your lapels and I'm shaking you right now proverbally. I'm right now in your face. I'm telling you, listen. Look at the logic I'm teaching. Stop listening to fools and people that are online merchants trying to sell something that my stuff blows the socks off of. Nobody nobody can do what you see me doing. Period. End the story. And this still isn't even my best. You got two more years to hang out with the old man if the Lord lets it. And I have stuff that's going to blow your mind. Tonight I'm teaching you how to know when relative equal highs just get poked above so you can do the best turtle soups. Not the one in Linda Rash's book and Larry Connor's book, Street Smart. While that is a great book, I faciciously adopted that name because I thought it was cute. So there you go. That's not me reteing or rebranding their model. They use a 20-day high and 20-day low. Do you see me talking about that? No. You don't see me doing turtle soup plus one, which is 21 days high and low, false breakout, and then come back into the range. You don't hear me teaching that. I'm teaching you how to find the exact high, the exact imbalance, and how to measure that imbalance in a way that nobody that looked in imbalance has ever looked at that stuff before. It's never been talked about. It's never been referred to. And yes, I have to go into this much detail and twist the knife because these people that come to me are so concerned about the opinion of others because they're brand new and I'm defending not myself but their right to this information and not let them be deterred by other people's stupidity or ignorance or I guess really envy. They're jealous. They're jealous. And that's the bottom line. You don't see anybody else trading entries better than mine. You don't see it. You do not see it. You don't see anybody with stop-loss management like mine. You don't see it. And I've been begging for it. Somebody come out here and show it and they don't do it. And that's the things that you need to pay attention to when you see other people criticizing, not just me, when they criticize other people, too. Weigh them in the balance. What are they bringing to the community? What are they doing? If you go through just for a moment, look at their posts, you'll see that it's negativity. Well, that's somebody you just block because they're not going to bring anything to you that's beneficial. They're only going to cause you to be distracted or pushed off the road of potential success. Nobody's holding you hostage here. I'm not charging you anything, but I'm giving you things that I promise you, I promise you cannot be outperformed. So, we have two points of reference here. Okay. And we have there's the high and this high. And that's buy side liquidity. I'm going to put that little mark over here left. And we'll make it bigger so we can see. That's the buy side liquidity. Okay. So, we have relative equal highs. So, we know for certain that that's likely to trade up there. Now, we're going to take a huge leap forward. Okay? Now, I'll go slow if we know that the market has traded overnight and has been permitted to trend. And then we go into 7 o'clock. the 9:00 a.m. which is pre-market session as I define it right there. Okay. If the London session was permitted to trend, think about the first slide I taught in month one's 2016 private mentorship playlist on my YouTube channel. Okay? I talk about four phases of the marketplace and what the market price will likely do. There's only four things it can do. Only four. Okay. If it's trended, okay, if it's had an expansion, the likelihood of a reversal or consolidation is extremely high going into the next session. Rarely rarely do you see trend in London trend straight into 7 to9 trend into regular trading hours. It it it just doesn't happen folks. That stuff doesn't happen. It can go back to back two sessions but rarely will you see three. So that's a probability. That's something you can hold a great deal of confidence behind it. Another thing is that we traded straight higher and then we went into at just before 6:00 a.m. Eastern time. We made it way up into Friday's August 21st first present. Now, that's not on my chart when you see me execute, but it's on my notepad, which I tell you I have key levels I'm watching. I try to keep my charts very short on PD arrays identified because I'm going to mark things out as the trade progresses and I want you to focus on those things. I know I'm going to come back and teach after the fact what the background behind the trade was because that's the stuff you want to know. But I don't want you looking at something in the chart and then thinking I wonder why I did this. instead of watching me navigate the actual individual candlesticks as they form, knowing how they should book price, how they shouldn't do certain things. That's tape reading. That's the part that I'm teaching you to do. The trading part, making you a profitable trader, I can't promise you that. No teacher can do that. No educator can promise that. But I can promise you light years ahead logic that will run circles around anything else that's out there. It's Mickey Mouse level. And what's Mickey Mouse level? Anything but my stuff. And yes, I wanted to go that far with it because everything else is stupidity. It's nonsensical. It has nothing to do with why Price is doing anything. You're just getting lucky at certain points. And I want you to have that measure of aggression and look at my stuff that way and see if it stands in the face of that argument and says, "F you. I'm in your face and you can't move me because I am the truth." That's how I want you to I want you to go in. I want you to go in and this is the reason why these trolls, they don't ever go in and dissect what I'm doing because they can't answer to it. They can't answer for it. But I want you as a student to come in as a skeptic. I market myself that way. I want you to think I'm a clown. I want you to think I'm a train wreck in emotion. I want you to think that so that way you can go in and try to pick apart what I'm doing. And then when you start doing that, you're like, "Man, this stuff really is working." Right. Exactly. I have converted so many haters over the years. It's unbelievable. [laughter] And it's fun, too, because they're in their own way. That's it. I'm helping them get out of their own way. So, back to the lecture here. Soon as we start at 7:00, we start consolidating here. And now you might look at this, wasn't this a trend? Look at this move compared to what it was allowed to do the entirety of London. That's trending. Now, we're creating a range. So, that's consolidation. So, it trades up between 7 and 9. One more time, the bodies are respecting that consequent encroion of that Friday of last week, August 21st's first presented fair value gap. So what you're saying is, Michael, I should have a chart that has the last two weeks first presented fair gap from Monday and Friday of each week respectively. Yes. And nothing else on it. That's managing the PD arrays. That's managing the information. On Trading View, you can create workspaces. in that workspace. You'll just simply add those. You can create a workspace for just new week opening gaps. You don't need to have every PDA on your working chart. You don't need to have that. You just need to have a list of highlighted levels that if it trades higher, these are levels that I'm I'm want to see have an impact over what price is doing. I don't have everything on my charts. You can clearly see that when I'm teaching certain points of reference. I have off because I want you as a student watching the actual delivery of price. It's not important right when I'm doing the trade because I don't have the luxury of time. I'm trading with a one minute chart live. Okay? It's not market replay where I can pause it. [laughter] I got to I got to see it, analyze it, predict why it's going to do certain things and why it should not do it and then mark up my chart, move my stop loss, add to the position. I have to do all these things on the fly on the fly. Just like that. That's why I use a one minute time frame because you can't fake it. You got to know what you're doing to pull that off. And then when I deal with a 15-second time frame just for the folks to say, "Oh, he's just getting lucky." Yeah, talk to me. Stud. So, consolidating go up to the first presented fair up of August 21st, which is last Friday's trading 9:31. It's one minute candlestick in case you're wondering again what that is. That makes this orange box up here. And it's showing you it's not wanting to go higher. So, we have a wick here. Real important p piece of uh business. We trade through it on a wick there right before 6 o'clock in the morning. So, we're going to pull that information into the equation here. What do I teach you about wicks? We treat them as a gap. Nobody has ever looked at a wick as an imbalance. No one's called it a gap. Never. Not one time. And I got every effing book in trading there is unless it's been written in the last four years because most of everything that's coming out now is some kind of twist off of my stuff or regurgitated somebody else's old stuff. And they're not bringing anything new to it. I have a lot of books, folks. 2,136 as it is right now. Just trading books. Okay. So trust me, that's why I'm demanding you show me a book, title, chapter, and verse where I'm using this logic that I'm teaching right here. Okay? Find it in one of those books because I'm going to tell you right now, I'm going to call you a liar and go right out there on the internet and show you the actual book and page and verse number and it won't be there. It won't be there, Jack. And I have all first prints. I have all first prints. Yeah, that's the benefit of being old in the industry. So, we have this wick here. Okay, we grade these things with the fib from the bodies high to the high of the wick. And if we're bearish, we want to see price stay with the bodies below that midpoint or consequent encouragement. But the wick can do the damage, which is what it's doing here. It's wicking through last Friday's August 21st 9:31 a.m. 1 minute candlestick imbalance. That's the first presented fair value you got from last Friday. It wicks through it, but then look how it closes. Whoa. Way underneath it. It can't even close inside of it. Is that bullish or bearish? As I teach order flow, look inside the candle. How many orders were at this price level? And look at this and look at that. No, you don't need to do any of that stuff. You don't need to look at the value area high and the value area low. That that's it's that's not important. That's not important. You guys are complicated. You're you're accusing me of making it complic complicated and complex. It's not very simple logic. It's going up here, wiping out anyone that had a stop above it and then close down here. Wonderful information. One more time. We wake up into the high here. Okay. The body's in the lower half. not permitted to go in the upper half. Perfect. Great. Now carrying that wick's consequent encroachment. That's this blue line right here. Okay. All the way over here to that. That's what that 0.5 level is. It's the middle of this wick. Okay. If I show you like this, it's only this level. Okay. This is your opportunity to screenshot my fib. [laughter] That's the business there. Okay. And I'm going to just beef up that. Make it little little bit broader. Okay. So it stands out a little bit more. I got old eyes, folks. And then here's the buy side liquidity resting on that high and that high right there. So you watched me and my son Caleb, you know, fancy dancing here with the uh the pre-market session with his account. So we you can see all that stuff in the lecture. Uh I have people constantly asking me um can you share how you teach your kids and that was an example of them. Okay. And Caleb and I were talking after the session and he said you know if it helps people you know we can we can record all of them and just put them on his YouTube channel. That way you get to uh warm up to somebody outside of myself and you actually hear me teaching my son this the same stuff. I'm not twisting anything. Um, you might get lucky hear something that's additional that I don't really intend to give to the public. Um, it I can't promise you that, but if that's what you want to do, give this video a thumbs up and that'll be an encouragement to him and I. Um, then you can probably see his YouTube channel start having a little bit more content. But, uh, it'll be at his discretion which lectures and whatnot go on his channel. It's his channel, folks. Okay? It's not my channel. But, you know, just give him some support with it, you know, by liking this video because the number of likes on this video doesn't make me any more money, but it is an indication that you like the information that's being shared here or as I'm using it. Now, the like button will tell me and him that you liked what you saw this morning and you want to see more of that kind of stuff. Okay? So, you might get to hear me talking to Cameron and Kaden, too. Um, and if Caleb feels like hosting that video on his I just don't want to put them on my channel, okay? that that's it's I don't want I don't want it to be a constant, you know, dad thing. It's not the vibe I'm going for here. But it was just me posting someone where well, not just one, but a lot of people were asking over the last couple weeks, can you just share how you teach your kids? And I realized this morning that I didn't have the setting for Camtasia to record my system a audio. So, you can barely hear him talking and that was my mistake. So, you can hear him there, but you can barely make out what he's saying. And that's my uh that's my error there. I didn't I didn't check it. So, it's a simple simple little thing toggle. That way, you'll be able to hear him. We talk by uh by way of being next to each other or because I'm doing a conference call with him. So, I'm sharing my screen and I'll give him I'll give him control of my mouse so he can do executions and and do things. And then I'll go in and I'll correct him and say, "Okay, no, try this now. Try this now. Try this now." That's that's how I use my paper trading account with Trading View. I I let him or my other kids test drive certain ideas. Okay, now you tell me what you think it's going to do. You execute on this or you execute on that. And then I go in, I teach this is what you should supposed to be doing. This is what you should be looking at. This is how it should behave. This is how it should function. And that's just the reality. That's what goes on. So that way you'll get to see those things, you know, if if it's of interest to you. If it's not interesting, you just want to listen to the old man, you know, don't like the video. It's simple as that. So, all right. So, we have the the idea that it's not likely to go higher and then we trade up into it there at 8:18. One more time. And it gives us an indication that it's simply saying no, you can't go past. Okay? You can't go past. Especially now because we have this wick over here that already did the damage. Why would it need to go on the other side north of this Fair Bay gap from last Friday that's shaded in orange? Why would it need to go up there again? It's already done it here. It's already done that. So now you have the backdrop behind the scenes. Okay, why price behaved here. And now we use the information again when we go into the opening range. So now I'm going to show you some things here. This these lines here. I'll show you what that is in a moment. Matter of fact, let me show it to you now. All right. So we have do you like this kind of video by the way? I know I talk a lot but it's useful information. Uh trading hours opening range gap low. So, if you look at the regular trading hours, toggle that. This is where the market stopped. And I got to take these lines off because that's no longer important information because the 7:00 and 9:00 lines, it's showing up there. All right. See how there's a gap between right down here, right behind this. Look right here where we settled at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. That's your last print on the 1 minute time frame. Okay? And then there is no print of any pricing at all until we get to 9:30 Eastern time in the morning the following day. Then regular trading hours resumes. So the difference between those two price points where it closes here and then we open at 9:30 that creates our opening range gap. In this case we opened up a premium gap. Why is it a premium? because it opens higher than where it settled at regular trading hours at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time previous day. By putting a fib on that measuring note, these levels here are the octants uh the consequent encroachment octant upper quadrant octant and then the high percentile low percentile is the close here. Okay, so these are all the key levels you would you would expect to see one of my PDAs to form like an order block, a fair value gap, um a propulsion block, any PDA, any PDA that anchors to one of these levels and your order flow and where you think the draw liquidity is. If that's correct, you'll have no problem finding the PDAs that work and you'll be able to laugh in the face of these people that say it doesn't work cuz they like to go back and cherrypick certain things. Like look at this fair bag gap. It failed right here. Look at this failed. Not realizing that we want to see some fair value gaps fail because we want to use them as an inversion fair value gap. And they don't like that cuz it sounds like I have an out for everything. It's cuz I do. And that's that was my obsession in the beginning. I I need to know everything and I wasn't going to let go of God until he showed me everything that I'm sharing with you. And I know a whole lot more. And I'm so thankful and I don't deserve it. Okay? I am God's useful idiot in that regard because I've put myself through a lot of stuff and you have the benefit of seeing all these things now. So, we have this range defined by the open at 9:30 Eastern time and the close at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. So, there's your regular trading hours, opening range, gap back into electronic trading hours. We're going to bring this up a little bit. Now, soon as we opened up at 9:30 right here, says regular trading hours, opening range gap high. Why is it the high? Because that again is higher than where we closed the previous day on regular trading hours, 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. By having that level and where we settled that previous day of trading hours, we can determine half the gap which is consequent encroachment right there. Okay. So the rules are we have a 70% likelihood of trading to that level by 10:00 Eastern time. So the first 30 minutes I'm looking for price to try to gravitate towards this level here. It just so happens that because overnight we were pressing higher and we were trending then we entered into 7 to9 that consolidation and then we exasperated that idea as we went into 930. I mean look at this. Would you call that consolidation? Anybody would real important observation though. I'm going to show you something. It's going to take you light years ahead of everybody else. There's our business. Okay. and we're going to walk through the macro. I'm going to see if I can try to put as much information on the chart as I can, but make the body still visible with the wicks. Sometimes when I do too much of a compression with squeezing the chart like that, it makes it hard to see the wick. So, I'm trying to find a little sweet spot. This will just have to be it. Okay. All right. So at 9:30 we opened and we had this consolidation. So it's reasonable to anticipate it trading above here. Okay, which it does. And it goes right up to new week opening gap. See that? Now, if you've been around for a while, you know what that is. That's the difference between where we closed on Friday and where we open up Sunday 6 p.m. Eastern time on the new week. So when price starts opening up, wherever that gap is, you define that and then project that thing all the way through to the entirety of the week and keep the last five weeks on your chart. Now it doesn't mean keep it on your tradable chart. Keep a workspace on your platform where you just have new week opening gaps. Notice I don't have every one of mine on here. I'm just using the ones that's salient to what I think price is going to do. What can it do? Well, out the gate, we see it rally up. Here's first presented fair value gap. What time is that? >> 9:31. Oh my goodness. There's got to be something to that 31. It's got to be it's something magical about that. You only do what? It's just the That's the earliest it can form. Okay. So, we have no volume imbalance up here and we do have a volume imbalance down here. So, this candlestick's close is a little bit lower than this candlestick's opening. That's the volume imbalance. that's included here. Okay, we'll get to that in a minute. We rally up and we trade right back down into it here. But it can run for relative equal highs, which is this level here. That's the buy side. Remember, I took that and put it over to the left. There it is. There's the buy side. That's what it looked like in the chart this morning when I'm trading it live. But we also had this gap from Friday, which is the first presented fair gap. something I talked about and I just throw it out there for people that are paying attention. I hide it like Easter eggs. A lot of things I've taught over the years. There's so many things so many things over old videos that still hasn't been brought to light and I just they're like little little treasures hidden there. And when you go back and look at old stuff, it's like, "Wow, he said that. Yes, I did. Yes, I did." And the reason why I do that, it's not because I'm trying to be mean, but a lot of you don't really deserve this because really what you want to do is you want to learn enough to go out and start mentorships, talk about market replay moves, never mention that you learned it from me. So that means God doesn't get the glory. I'm not claiming to be God. I'm just saying that that's where I got that stuff from. That's where I got it from. When I prayed and I asked for understanding and I hear that still quiet voice say, "Look here. Look here." It's not my voice. It's not my conscience speaking to me. It's something else. And it's the same voice I heard throughout my entirety of my life where, you know, it it kept me from harm. It encouraged me. It told me information that I would have never known. And it was validated immediately outwardly, you know, by other people because I would say it's this. So, I would get an uncction by the Holy Ghost and everybody around me would see it happen. Like it it's I have I could write a book on just that. But you won't believe me because you don't want to believe there's a God. You don't want to believe that those things exist. You don't believe that some somehow God doesn't deal with people like that anymore when he can do anything he wants. All things are possible with him. So, let's get into the science. Okay, we have this consolidation. We drop down first into 930. So, what is it likely to do next? If it's smooth like this, it's likely to shoot up. So, I'm going to watch and see how price behaves above this because it could very well just go up here and then go lower because it's already done enough business up here. But if it can come back down into this gap right there. Now look, these are lectures that are worth lots and lots of money. Where's the body stopping? Here's the midgap consequent encroachment level. You see that? Yes, we get a little bit of a wick. This is a mohawk. We allow for that. Remember the wicks are allowed to do the damage. But how does the how does the candle close inside or part of a PDR? That's the real order flow secrets of price action. That's it, folks. The cat's out of the bag. It's right there. You can't deny it. Now, there's so many examples I'm giving every single week, week after week after week, daily, daily, daily, proving it. It stops before it touches with the bodies at the consequent encouragement of that level. Is that bullish or bearish? Based on what I teach, the upper half of my PDA rays are the bullish sensitivity. It means it's discount sensitivity. It means it's the real support when nobody would look at this as support. The fact that it can't get down to this level here. That's the clue. Okay. Then it rips higher, comes back down one more time. It can't even lay a body in the the high of it or inside of it anymore. So, is this candlestick closed now bullish or bearish? It's bullish. So, when we open here and we trade down inside this candlestick, I'm expecting it to turn into an expansion up to take out this order block. We open trade down inside of this candlestick. That's down close. It's an order block. It trades here mean threshold. Then it rips higher, comes back down in consequent corrosion of this wick. Nobody's closing below that continuation higher reaches up into watch folks it gets real real cool now we're inside that first present fair gap of last Friday and I told you all when I taught these things to take Monday and Friday first presented fair gaps and you will be knocked silly it will split your wig how many times it'll give intraday session high or low, daily higher low, or weekly higher low. Now, find that in any freaking thing else. Find that logic anywhere because it's not found anywhere else. Just good old ICT. [laughter] Now, here's the part that you love to see. And if you hate me, you hate to see it. We had this consolidation in here. Okay? And we had this kind of like a early Judas swing, but you can't count that because it's not at 9:30 or after. So it's dropping down here at 929 and next candle we open drop down a little bit and then it rips higher clearing out minor buyside. Okay, we have buy side liquidity relative equal highs. So if it can produce a run above here like it's starting here and then it doesn't reject in new wig opening gap and it can find its way up into this here. I'm gonna watch this level right there and this right here. Look at this. That's this high and this low with negative0.5. That's not the first time you see me use that level, folks. Oh, no it's not. [laughter] It is not. I did these things with forex. I did these things with bonds. I did these things with commodities. I've done this with S&P. I've done it with gold. You guys say, "Oh, it doesn't work with gold." Man, you just stop worrying me about gold. Okay, you find your own setups in gold. You want get two measurements. Okay, now just for a just for a second. Okay, I'm going to take everything off the chart and I'm going to show you two measurements here and what the purpose of them are. Okay, I want you to think about the likelihood of something like this happening if there wasn't an algorithm. Okay, say there is no algorithm. Say there isn't one. A lot of you shaking your head. That's right. There isn't one. You're just a good guesser. All right, hold that thought. Hold that thought. Okay, I'm going to take everything off the chart. I'm going to delete everything. Say, now we have a naked chart. I prefer to see the chart like this. Then now I'm going to add the fib. We're going to anchor to this low. I'm going to tell you why this range in a minute. Stop wondering. Try to get ahead of me over here. Okay. Now I'm going to go to that negative 0.5 level. Now watch. Look what it's doing. See that? Is that crazy? That's crazy, isn't it? Like that is diabolical. This is how far the Wix can go. Okay, Mr. He doesn't know anything. He's making it up. It's all rebranded stuff. Find something else that's telling you the daily high and low the same conceptual way all the time. Because that's what I'm doing. That's what I'm doing, Jack. Now watch. This is how far it can go on its wick. And that's that's reasonable, right? I mean look the price level is 29,13.75. The actual high comes in at 29,414.75. Okay, you see that? So that's very very very close and to know that you're looking for that while it behaves down here in the first gap first of Feb gap and then you expect it to trade higher and then we get up into a new week opening gap that's not load it's not loaded on the chart right now but remember it was up here okay um then we get into the first princip of last Friday now I know some of you are thinking oh this is so complicated and you you want to yell at me because it requires you to keep good record of these specific PD arrays. I don't care that you feel that it's complicated. I don't care that you're complaining that it isn't easy for you. One, two, three, push a button, it goes in and goes out and that's it. That I didn't say it was going to be like that, but I said once you understand how the price books like this, the setups are easy to find. and by confidence of seeing them materialize over and over and over again. You won't fear, you won't have greed, you won't overlever, you won't be in a rush, you won't care about missing a move. I missed the entirety of yesterday's move. I could have shorted it. I could have done all those things, but I just said, you know what, Caleb, this is watch price action. This this is tape breed because it moved too far away and I didn't feel comfortable putting a stop loss anywhere inside that cibby. So now watch this is where we can see the wick and how far it can go. Now we're going to change it to the bodies. There's the low of the body in this swing. Look at the look at the close here. 29,316. Same as the open on this one. See that? So we're anchored to the low with the bodies because that's the real volume. How how will we know that what we're looking for is in indeed the high forming? Well, let me let me rephrase that. Okay. How did I know? And how do I know these things going forward? This is the science behind it. It's sitting right on top of the wick right now. Now, watch. I'm going to bring it down to the body. Close. Okay. Ready? Watch. Ready? Don't blink. Don't blink. Oh my goodness. Oh, the clouds part, the light shines down. Ain't that wild? Look at that. The bodies are stopping right there. It's interesting, isn't it? So, that's two qualifying things that tells me that's the high today. I'm going to go in there and I'm going to short it as it's coming back down in. I'm confident and I'm aiming for the high. Listen, the high of the new week opening gap. Once I get confirmation with these two things, I know the high is in place. Not it's a good high to short from. No, it's the high of the day. Go out there and ask all these heroes, these guys that talk crap about me all the time. They say, "Oh, I trade with this and I do this live. I do these other things. I won this much money." Ask them to do these things. Ask them to do it. Short the high. Short the uh short short the high and trade down as low as you can to the low of the day. Truth be told, I was honestly looking at that new new day opening gap, which we'll see in a moment. And I wanted to get out just above that. And I changed my mind said, let me let me just put it underneath there and see if we can get it a full gap closure. But I'll get out just before a full gap closure just in the event that it just wants to go down there. I knew there is a part of the day where I was going to just have a wild spike down there and it just wasn't correct in my exits. And I told you that's my weak point because I like to be perfect when it comes to that. Like my entries. Like look, look at this. You're not going to find anybody that does better than this, folks. I don't care what anybody says. Okay, watch. Look at that. Look at that. Come on now. Look at that. Look right here. Look right here. You see that? My fill is 410.5. Connect. Look at that. And the high is right here. And then I'm entering right in here. Why am I What am I doing that for? What am I doing that for? Because I know this is going to be an inversion fair value. I just don't need to draw it because I don't have that much time. I got to make sure everything's happening as I want to see it happen. And then here I add one more because I want to be inside these wicks cuz it's the premium aspect of this that's going to be supporting price lower. As long as we don't have a body go above consequent correction with that wick, we get an opening right there. And then I'm going to start seeing it go lower from there. Just like that. You like that? Only the best production quality around here. That sound effect. No button need to be pushed. Just like that. Anytime I want to do it. [laughter] Rally. It rallies lower. Matter of fact, I said this before when I it rallies lower. Rally doesn't necessarily mean a direction. It means it spools. It runs. Okay? So, just so you know. So, it rallies lower and takes out the low here and takes out the low here. But more specifically, see that low right there? That's this. Look at this low. 29,279.25. Here it is underneath that low. First partial. I want to get out of that with a large portion of it because it's Jackson Hole Symposium. Um, it's a wild market right now. It's very whiplash like it it does a whole lot of running around. It does crazy runs. And then you can see all the other ones here. Okay. And there. And I'm showing you the executions like this with nothing else on the chart because I want you to appreciate everything. And then this dive down. I knew this was coming and I know it's hard to believe for some of you new people, but just look what I'm doing and what I'm showing and how I'm teaching and how the logic of the market delivers exactly on that to script. It's almost like I had I won't say it cuz Lance listens. Come on, boy. Bring yourself over here. And I get stopped out here on the last single contract because my limit order was just below here and it got down to new day opening gap. Stopped right in there and then ripped up higher. Okay. I wanted to put the limit order just above the new day and got which you'll see in a moment when I add everything back on the chart and I would have got out at the low of the day. So I would have sold on the high candle up here which you don't see people I'm doing it all the time Jack ain't just once in a while. Okay. I market myself on this ability. I told you the logic I'm showing you here. It's the real deal. It is the real deal. This is what everybody out there that calls themselves a market maker and when they're not a market maker wish they knew. All the hot shots from Wall Street, they don't know this stuff. They don't know this stuff, but I do. And I have promised that I would spend my time while I'm here sharing it and teaching it. But it can't be just dumped on everybody and say here here's everything. You won't understand it. It's it's it's very deep. It it requires a great deal of understanding. All right. So, there's the execution off and there's the things being shown showing that the high is what it is. Hopefully, that helps your rips. You asked me to teach you one day how to pick the high low and that's how you do it. So, if you like watching somebody that trades with a real account though, um he puts up his broker statements. That's RIPS over there. You can see him on X and I think he does I don't know where he live streams outside of uh YouTube. I know he does something somewhere else. I don't know. But uh he shows his actual broker statement like he he's he's done that. He shows what he's doing. If he loses money, if he makes money, he's shown it. That's just not my cup of tea because my broker is not none of your business. And I'm not trying to do anything, you know, to jeopardize my relationship with my broker. Continuing on, there's all the lipstick back on the chart. Okay. And you can see that's where that little that little dash line comes from. Okay. And that's why I felt confident getting in there and shorting right there. Where else am I at? I'm in the premium side of that previous Friday, August 21st, 8:31 Fairbag gap, the upper half of it. So, I'm in the premium aspect of that PDA. It's not random. I'm not reacting and just, oh, I'm looking at price and I'm going to react. I'm not reacting to anything. I'm predicting. I'm executing on a prediction that I have statistical probabilities behind me. I have logic that none of these other clowns out here that's ever wrote books and courses on never even heard of. And that sounds very demeaning, but it's meant to show you who's who. If they knew this type of stuff, anybody else would never teach it. And wait till you see the stuff I got coming. [laughter] You think this is good? It's getting It's gonna be crazy. Alien tech, bro. Alien tech. So anyway, the market trades lower and then we get down to that same fair value gap here. Okay, now wouldn't you know it, if we're expecting price to try to gravitate down to at least half gap, right? So half gap is right here. That's the middle of the opening range gap. That means yesterday's 4:14 p.m. Eastern time's close to that of today's 9:30 Eastern time. Opening. That's this price here. And then this price down here where was yesterday's where we stopped trading regular trading hours at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. So that range gap half of it's here. So we're looking for that. Okay. The easiest way I can explain this. So you want a general rule of thumb. If I'm bearish and there's a gap premium higher like it is here, I'm going to look for the low that forms in the session prior to it dropping, which is obviously going to be this level right here. Okay? So, that's always going to be a very easy lowhanging fruit objective. Really easy, something to expect to happen. And then you can do uh first partial here and then wait to see if you can get mid gap. If you do just that, don't demand that the entirety of the opening range gap closes in all the way down to where it would be here perfectly. Don't do that. Don't demand that. Just do those two things and stop. Get out. Don't do anything else. And if you're an intraday trader and you're trading the morning session like that, you're going to find that it makes trading very easy. It makes it very I guess um not complicated, not uh convoluted, not a whole lot of things you have to worry about. It just it simplifies everything. And then over time, if you want to get into these crazy things like I'm doing and you you want to pursue levels of precision and and refine your craft, you don't have to do like I'm doing to make good money. You don't need to do that. If you do simple things and you haul out 15 to 20 handles a day, a couple times a week, not every day, just on one contract, even a micro, that'll pay for your entirety of your month's grocery groceries. Imagine that. How how would that impact you if you were just doing that? Don't think that you got to get rich. Just think that you're participating in a craft that will yield to you a bountiful blessing that if you cultivate it correctly, don't rush it. Don't try to make it bigger than it needs to be for the skill set that you have at the moment. Don't rush to get to a skill set you think you should have by this much time. When you soberly go through the process of enjoying learning, enjoying the observations and and finding new things and and seeing the same the same things repeating over again with the logic that I taught. It builds the confidence that you lack right now. There is no fast way or shortcut to get to that. There's no way that anybody can bring you there quicker. I promise you, every one of my students, every single one of my students cannot outline what I just outlined here and why I picked the high of the day like that. None of my students can do that because I'm presenting everything in a package today. It's narrative. That narrative, that level of understanding the narrative. Why? What does that mean narrative? I know I just read your mind again. What do you mean by that? He's reading my mind. Chapstick. A guy asked me, "What do why do you always say chapstick or why do you put hashtag chapstick?" Uh if you look at this uh movie with Richard Gear in it. It's called Moth Man Prophecies. Watch that movie and you'll get what I'm talking about. So the open, we rally up, we trade down, rally up, reverse right here. That's a draw. We want to see this first presented fair value gap behave in a way that presents it as what now? inversion fair value gap because the first utilization is that of a buy side and balance sell side efficiency. So it's an uplose candle meaning if markets are bullish and order flow is bullish and we trade down into it should send price higher and it does. It gives the bodies in the upper half as I teach real order flow perfectly visually inside of a candlestick. You don't need to change the candle into some kind of goofy candle or goofy bar. Okay? It's simply open, high, low, and close and then time. You're bringing in the element of time. What's the aspect of time? It's the first percent fair. Oh, so it's all those things keep repeating. Yep. Now, we're going to project it over here. Look what's going on over here, folks. Look, I'm going to change the color. Okay. And the magic happens again. Look where the bodies are stopping below consequent encroachment. But there's no algorithm. That's just me being lucky and being able to determine where selling pressure comes in and buying pressure stops. Think about what you're saying when you say those things to me. Think about what these people are saying when you see them responding to you. When you try to defend what it is that you're trying to learn here, stop arguing with these imbeciles. They literally will not be convinced by you arguing. They feel right. They feel because they're on the outside. They're on the outside of this. They're on the outer banks of the inner circle. They're not in the inner circle, okay? They want to call us a cult. We are the cult of winning. We are the cult of knowing. We are the cult of precision. We are the cult of absolutely moonwalking on everybody else's stuff. Period. That's the way it is around here. Now, if you don't want to be on the dynamic team, that's your business. Okay? [laughter] You can do whatever you want to do. But you can't deny that this logic is here. It keeps repeating every week, every day, and it won't stop. That should excite you as a new student. As a old student, you should be smiling, thinking, "Yeah, man. I It never gets old, man. It never gets old because it's perfect." Because it's the source code of why Market's book. And anybody that says otherwise is denying the evidence that's being shown every single week and day. If I couldn't execute on it, that means I don't know it. That means it doesn't have validity. I'm teaching my kids to look for these things. If I [laughter] if there wasn't any value to doing the things I'm teaching, why am I going to waste my kids time? Why am I going to sit there and talk to them when you're not listening? Why am I doing that? Because I want them to learn this craft. I want them to know the technical science that I I hold and I'm gifting it away. And some of you guys are so stupid. You're arguing me instead of going in there and just trying to learn it. We get the movement here that we're looking for for inversion fair gap. It drops lower. We want to see a close below this wick. That's why I drew it. We got it here. So, that confirms we're likely to keep continuing lower. partial partial. Look at the octants. Okay, this is part of the opening range gap. These lines here are measuring the high. We're we're projecting the high. We're not reacting to something. We're predicting. Okay. So, those levels are no longer ceiling. That's they're not meant to have any kind of concern on them. the gap from here. We're going to take this mid gap off or mid uh wick level. We want to see it close below that. It does. So, we're going to take that off now. And now the levels here, all these here, that's these. Okay. So upper percentile first octant upper quadrant octant consequent encroachment of the opening range gap. We have a old inefficiency that I kept on my chart I liked and then price dropped down aggressively at 10:30 which ends the first hour's dealing range. Okay, so it trades down to new day opening gap and as I typed here I said I might have been too overzealous on the exit left my rear end off and this was the full gap closure. I had my limit order here. I was literally telling myself that I want to put it right here just above this because even if it goes there, fills me and goes through the end dog and goes down and hits full gut closure, that's still handsome. But the part of me that's 20-year-old, I wrestle with old things. It's scar tissue. I want to overthink where I get the impression that like sometimes like I felt today I felt like it was the Lord saying put put the exit right here and then I overthink it. I'm thinking well if you know if it accelerates through there I could get a better exit down here. So that's my flesh. You're going to do these things too. As sinners that's what we do. We don't listen. Okay. That's what that's how we're in the situation we're in. Okay. So, uh, that was my error. The operating error on my part was I didn't trust what I felt being led to do with experience and the father talking to me. So, here, you know, I didn't get my my limit and it came down real quick and then fastly came back up here. I knew I was going to get stopped out and I just let it happen for the recording. You know, I even typed it out. Instead of typing all this stuff out, I could have been like, "Okay, I'm going to close and then typed out I think it was going to reverse here." I just wanted the stop out to happen. Just just be done. Okay. So, it got stopped out here on the the single contract there, which was just trailed above this candlesticks high. That's all it was. And then we went into the ugliest part of the day here. Trade all the way back up into 9:30 opening, which is regular trading hours, opening range gap high. We wick through it a couple different times. Come right back down to the 375 octant. Trade right back up. Look how much time it spends around that 9:30 price again. See that? Now look at this. See this wick? Me take this line off just for a second. Okay, I want you to see something. I know it's fun, isn't it? Like it's crazy. This stuff is so cool. You got to be a nerd when it comes to this stuff, okay? And there ain't nothing wrong with being a nerd. Not when it makes you millions of dollars. Well, ain't nothing wrong with that, Jack. So, if we look at the mid mid level here, we'll darken that one up. Make sure it's big and beefy there. There you go. And I don't want that dash dash line. I want it solid. All right. So, we have this tallest wick. It's the highest one. Okay. It's the highest one. It's the longest one. So, it's obvious that it's not this one. Okay. So, we split that in half. We already see that it respected here. See that? Isn't that interesting? So, when you see that, that's always an indication we're going to go down in a retracement or it's going to reverse. So, if you like wicks like that, it's a simple little pattern. Okay? Simple, simple little pattern. But over here, when we trade up here, look what it's doing. The bodies are not even touching that. See that? So, when you see something like this, it's indicating it's bearish. and go to the left and look where there's inefficiencies and or where there's relative equal lows or a single low. In this case, we have this low here. We have inefficiency down here. And look what we do. Take out those lows and we trade in this inefficiency here. And then this one becomes an inversion fair value up. Look how it behaves there and trades down through that inefficiency. I have it like I like that when I kept it on my chart. That's a homework assignment. Trying to figure what that one is. And we trade up here. We had a little bit of a a move above it there. Oh, it's just going into this gap and breaker. It's a breaker and fair value gap together. That's a really nice nice position to to see in price action. you trade lower. Look how it's spending time in that mystery gap. And then it got really stupid in here. And then we got to the afternoon and right on right on schedule. We have the run that takes place in the 2:00 hour and scratch this up a little bit. Come back down in here and then buy set balance sell efficiency here. Rallies up. Now we're just basically pulling back down into this sell side right here. There that is. So this is this is really wonky for Asia. I wouldn't be participating in anything now. But uh I I don't know to be honest with you because of Jackson Hole Symposium. I don't want to give you a prediction about price action cuz I I just don't have any confidence to do it because I know there's a whole lot of tom foolery that means manipulation in the market right now. And unless I was sitting in the price action or looking at it and tweeting about it live, uh I just don't want to go forward with any kind of projections from where we're at now. I did fairly good for this week. Um, my personal schedule is conflicting with me being able to do any measurable work for the rest of the week. If I find time to do something, I will try, but I I don't believe I'm going to have a whole lot of time to do like lectures like this one here. Okay? Um, if it allows me to do something short, just a short little reveal, you know, something like 10 minutes or something like that, I'll I'll try my best to do that, but I can't promise it. Okay. So, don't be upset or or concerned that I'm not posting as much. I didn't fall out of favor. The trolls didn't hurt my feelings. Is I have a life, okay? And we're preparing for the holidays. We're preparing for, you know, a lot of things, okay? And it requires my time and attention elsewhere and not in front of the charts. So, hopefully this was helpful to you. Hopefully that you learned something. and hopefully encouraged you, inspired you to to dig in and keep looking for more of these things that I teach as a uh an element to price delivery. And until I talk to you again, Lord willing, be safe.
