================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: Friday Review On NQ & PreMarket Session Rules Revisited
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KW2acdPi-M
================================================================================

Welcome back, folks. Hope you're doing well. Happy Saturday. It is 7:15 p.m. Eastern time in Eastern side of the United States. Market is closed, as you can see, upper left-hand corner. It's the consistency. Still showing you everything as I would normally would. All right, so I got a question I got a question, rather. Um Somebody asked me, "Hey, can you show the difference between what you display when you're recording executions and it's in live market feed versus market replay?" Okay, and I'll include that at the last couple minutes of this video, okay? So I want to kind of like preface it by saying remember what I taught you. Your last few weeks, last couple months, actually, I've been teaching very specific elements to trading intraday. Now I know there's a large body of doubters out there in in the community, okay, that think that this somehow is a rebranded you know, bunch of stuff. I want you to find the location, chapter, and verse of any Wyckoff book, okay? Any Wyckoff book produced that tells you to look at the range between 7:00 in the morning and 9:00 in the morning Eastern time to determine how the AM session is going to trade after 9:30 opening in regular trading hours. Okay, I want you to find that because uh that's not there, okay? Nobody else has that. Just me, good old ICT. All right, so I gave you some rules, very simple rules. It hasn't a whole lot of moving parts to it, but uh here we have Thursday. Yes, we're going to use this information, okay? 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern time. Obviously, the rules are between these two bookends in price. It's a small little 2-hour window, okay? When there is [snorts] a report due at 8:30, you go up to 8:30, not 9:00. Okay? So, that's one caveat there. I I mentioned that when we were looking at I think it was um either CPI or PPI. Well, I can't remember which one it was, but uh because there was a report due out at 8:30, I talked about how using 7:00 to 8:30 to justify how we would expect to see price deliver with the graded range. Here we can see clearly that the market had the highs over here. You can see it right there. Okay, so at 7:00 Okay, there on that candlestick. That's the high of the range between 7:00 a.m. and 9:00 a.m. And the low all the way down here at 8:36 Eastern time, a.m. How is this market booking price? Is it consolidating? Clearly not. It's in a trend, okay? It's moving. It's allowed to protract. Which means that the rule that guru ICT spoke out there into the ether >> [gasps] >> that the AM session that I am so saddened to read and listen to even some of my students who got beat up on this day here. Okay? If you just would have listened to me, I gave it for free. It was public. I mentioned it in lecture video, and I also taught it in uh trade around up with kitten the gang. So, if you are going to be a casual listener, you're going to miss some really good things here, okay? And while I do try to have fun, and it may be at the expense of my own image, uh but I don't sell anything, so it's that it's it's the way it is here, pups. That's the currency. You got to let me have my playground, okay? I mean, this is what this is. But, I got to have fun doing this. And I give a lot of wonderful information that's user-friendly, it's easy, okay? And one of the things were simply if we're trending in 7:00 to 9:00 a.m. session's going to be a block. Up and down, up and down, up and down. Now, it doesn't mean that I can't trade that clearly, as you've seen the other day. But, to the average student or someone that's not well versed in this phenomenon that takes place, which is algorithmic, okay? It's codified and coded by I almost said it, didn't I? Almost said it, didn't I? Lance is listening. Did you Did you watch that video? Bravo, buddy. That's some comedy. That is some comedy, man. I love it. I hope you don't stop at just one one video. Keep Keep coming. Keep coming with it. >> [laughter] >> Anyway, moving forward, we have the Thursday 7:00 to 9:00 in the morning, ready? It's trending. So, that's a significant dealing range, all the way up to this high. All right? So, if we grade this, you'll see the importance of it. And this is exactly what I teach. For folks that weren't around watching me teach this stuff and the rules, it's going to look like I'm form-fitting and cherry-picking and doing all those things that just makes it comfortable for you to shun it because it's too good to be true. I understand and thank you for the compliment. But if you look real close right here at the optimal at 8.75 right here, right there. Okay? You'll notice that there is a city, which is sell side imbalance buy side inefficiency. Let me move this out of the way a little bit. See right here? See that right there? Look at that. Isn't that brilliant? It's brilliant. Notice that I'm not talking about this fair value gap and this fair value gap. This fair value gap. Why? Because it's not salient. And it has to be anchored to a key level. Period. That's the logic I've been teaching. Now, I I'm not going to re-teach you here because it's obviously redundant. And for the new people, I don't I never give a a shortcut. You got to go through the same pathway everybody else does. So, there's your city and it's in the premium side of this range from here the high to the low. And I keep the mid-range level 50 different color just by contrast. So, it allows you to jump right to the middle and see, okay, this is equilibrium. So, anything at that price or higher up to this high would be considered what? Premium. Anything less than this level or at that level is considered discount. Okay? Wyckoff doesn't teach that. So, moving forward, you can obviously see how we behaved in here. And we're going to scrub on over into Friday. I know there's an easier way to do this, but I I want to put you through it. So, man, you're really wound up today. I am I am absolutely ecstatic right now because I I get bored on the internet. I get so bored on the internet. And just outperforming everybody else it gets boring. And then when somebody comes along and they think they know something and they want to stir the pot and the only thing they're doing is putting a big spotlight on me again and now I'm going to collect all of your followers. Okay, this is how it works. This is my MO. I do it all the time. I do it all the time. So, new day opening gap. That is the difference between where we settled at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time and then restart at 6:00 for futures. Okay? So, that's new day opening gap. And I got a lot of a lot of questions being sent to me in the comment section and on X. You know, am I concerned about when they go to longer trading for Nasdaq and the other futures markets? Uh no. I'm not concerned about that at all. I have Alien Tech. Okay? I have things that nobody has. Okay? I'm telling you. >> [laughter] >> I'm not worried. Okay? I'm not worried at all. All that's going to do is make the stuff I use even better. Okay? I got wonderful toys. I have wonderful toys. No batteries required. It's wonderful. You'll You'll be Trust me, you'll be pleasantly surprised. Just give it time. Let them work out their kinks and stuff. Once it happens and then you'll see the old man just dazzle again. But new day opening gap, we'd like to have that extend that through and just [snorts] simply because it trades up to it here, it's not one and done. We don't look at it and say, "Okay, uh it it it used the gap here. Okay, it's done. Forget it. Get rid of it. You know, throw it out the uh throw throw it out with the baby the the bath water and the baby throw it all out." Okay, that's that's not how we think here. Okay? It's important to just know that this level needs to be extended to the right continuously. Okay? Now, why are the levels from Thursday 7:00 to 9:00 in the morning levels still being referred to here? Cuz didn't Thursday close and now we're as technically starting Friday's trading here even though it's Eastern time Thursday still at this very moment here? Because I tell you that my levels don't have an expiration date. Okay? Especially if you if you go back the last three. Okay, go back the last three sessions. You're going to have all the information you'll ever need. You don't even need to have a daily chart. It's all there. It's all there. Okay? So, that's another discussion for another time, but maybe a maybe a Twitter space. Maybe a Twitter space. Not tonight, but maybe maybe a Twitter space sometime this week. I'll I'll I'll jabbering about that. But, here we have the market meandering around again. And it's during Asia. But, watch what's going on here. Real important stuff, folks. Watch. The market starts trading using what? Consequent encroachment midpoint of new day opening gap. And it rallies. Wonderful. Wonderful. So, you're an Asian uh trader and you're looking for um targets for shorts over here. Wonderful target there. This is a ideal scenario for those that are watching the midnight opening price. And that would be right there. There. So, extending out forward, you can see how the price drops down to a very clear, discernable discount PD array. New day opening gap consequent encroachment. We don't this indiscriminately say, "Well, we're going to buy in a zone." Cuz we don't trade supply and demand. We supply the demand. So, the rally goes up, trades around, then uses the octave from Thursday's 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 p. I'm sorry, 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time dealing range that's created. That's where these these levels these horizontal lines are coming from that still. And now, look what it's doing. What's What's What's occurring? What's How is the market booking right now? It's moving out, right? It's trending. It's trending. Now that gap that I showed you based on the high end of that dealing range between 7:00 a.m. and 9:00 a.m. on Thursday's premarket session. That's that gap right here extended forward. Okay? At 7:00 a.m. on Friday I saw a lot of you got beat up on Friday, too. Again what is price doing between 7:00 a.m. and 9:00 a.m.? Compare this block right here. Look at this square price action, okay? That little swatch of uh price action, that little fractal, that little piece of it. Compare and contrast what this is doing between this low to that high. Is this not consolidation? It can't even It This high and this high is exactly the same price. 29,539 29,539. It's a block. It can't even trade with the bodies to consequent encroachment of that wick from 7:00 to 9:00 Thursday's dealing range from premarket session. Very critical information there. Now, because this is a consolidation versus all of this being a trend do you see what's happening, folks? Do you see what's happening here? When you move from one session to the next, how do you know when to pick the right session, ICT? You always seem to be in the session that always means moving right. You're not listening to what I'm telling you. If the previous session is in consolidation, the next session's going to move. The next session after that expected to be in consolidation, but be prepared in the event that it is trending in the 24-hour cycle. That's London I'm sorry, Asia, London, New York session. In that order, okay? They can be subdivided obviously when we get in New York session cuz there's AM session. There's pre-market session. There is first hours dealing range. There is the 2-hour lunch. There is the PM session, and then there's the market on close and or the last hour trading. So, it can be subdivided into even smaller fractals. But, how we trade previous session is indicative of about what we expect because the algorithm compresses and goes into holding patterns. And then, it moves around because traders are getting lulled into thinking uh it's nothing's happening. The market's a chopping up. I'm just going to go do something else or I'm going to you know, turn off the computers. I'm not going to do anything. And then all of a sudden, there's a big move happens and they're like, "Oh, where'd that come from?" Well, you know, you see I'm teaching you how not to be surprised by the market. Okay? It's a It's really important you understand the very simple things I'm teaching are very powerful. Consolidation between 7:00 and 9:00 on Friday tells us what is likely to occur in the AM session after this session 9:00 a.m. closes. We're going to get trending environments. Well, look at that. We have the market failing to get the consequent encroachment with the bodies. You see that? Right here. The body right there. Let me Let me zoom in. I want you to see this. This is really important. I was just talking to my son about this. And I was done teaching him this. Everything I'm showing you here is what I taught him, nothing extra, I promise. You're a liar. We don't trust you. You can see the line I was using here. So, this is the highest body in this swing high. And over here, you can see these bodies went slightly higher. So, that's a run against these highs. The wicks are just allowed to do the damage. But, notice what's going on here. We have relatively equal highs with the bodies. Write that in your notes, Stacy. This is a run on relative equal highs. Wait a minute. How How can he say that? Because the relative equal highs are sitting right here. Right? And they're signifying because of the order flow technology that I'm teaching in the candlestick presentations. You like that? The bodies can't even touch consequent encroachment of that gap. It's being shown from last Thursday. Well, not last Thursday, the the Thursday, the previous session, 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern time. Those levels are not stale. So, the bodies can't reach that. Is that bullish or bearish based on the how I teach order flow? Visually represented in the candlestick using my PD arrays. Hm? It's bearish. It can't grasp with a body the midpoint of that. But, it can toss two wicks up there and say, "I can't do it." And then, right here, it gives up the ghost. If it comes back down and takes out this gap right here, because it's taken relative equal highs with the bodies right there. Nobody else teaches that. You ain't finding that in Wyckoff. You're not getting that information. You're going to see the market break the lower. Once we get that close right here, that validates this is a potential inversion fair value gap. Trades up to it here beautifully. And then, caresses the the low here, breaks through that little bit, and then, you like that, caresses lovingly. Lovingly, this works that low here, and then, accelerates even lower, taking out that low. Comes down into the short-term low, rips right back up into this low, where we have a gap. It's right on this this level here. I'm also measuring Look at these levels here. This is the the dealing range high and low. The high of it here, cuz these are relatively equal highs, perfect to a tick. And that low down there. So, these lines here are grading this 7-9 range in terms of time. >> [sighs] >> That fair value gap right here, why is it valid for inversion fair value gap? Because it's sitting right there on the upper quadrant at point 25. You see that? Isn't that perfect? Isn't that what you would expect if the market wasn't algorithmic? Wyckoff wished he knew this stuff, okay? Trust me, if he was alive, he'd be taking notes right now and asking to come to my home to learn under my wing one-on-one tutelage, okay? And that's not bragging, that's not arrogance, that's not narcissism, that's just simply the facts, Jack. So, the market rallies back up into that inversion fair value gap there. Why is it going there? Because it's weak. It showed it to you here. I told you you had unfinished business at August 6th low. Go back and look at the tweet and the time I did it. It's going to go there again. >> [laughter] >> It's going to go there again, folks. And here we have it. It can't even get back to what? Low to high, equilibrium's right here. So, where is it going to be sensitive? The premium sensitivity is at midpoint to the low of the range. Look what's going on. We trade right up to what? Are you crazy? Look at this. It goes right to and one more tick to this octave, this line right here, which is measured from this low to this high. And let me show you the Here's the levels. I know you're asking for them. You read my mind. You see, I'm telling you I'm everywhere. That's why I'm the ghost in the machine, baby. So, we have this rip up into that. One more time tapping into this inversion. And then rips all the way through. Look at this. Look at this. Who could have known it was going to behave like that? I mean, really. Um because it was consolidating between 7:00 and 9:00. And good old ICT's logic comes shining through again. But nobody wants to talk about that. Making an exposé video on that, jokers. Come on now. Here we go. It trades down to new day opening gap. Flutters through that a few times and trades back up into it. Uses as what? Premium PDA array. And then drops lower. Takes out what again? August 6th low. What? That's diabolical. And then once it does this time of day, where's it at? Right here is the first hour's dealing range, right there. So, that's the low, okay? Now it's going to attack the range that's formed between 9:30 and 10:30. You draw that out on yourself on your chart. Find equilibrium on that, okay? And then wait for price to get above and trade up into new day opening gap. And then now watch. Here's morning session right there. 9:30's here. So, where is the stops? Right above that high. So, what PDA arrays are going to roll roll back to? Oh, I don't know. Right there. And there you go. Hammering back down into consolidation and doing nothing. A nothing burger profile. You like that one? Nothing burger profile. I'm coining the term. Don't use it, okay? There you go. Look at that. So, children, are we taking notes? Are we learning anything? Because the logic I'm teaching, the algorithm is going to refer back to time first. Time is more important than the actual price right now. So, how is it behaving in here? It's consolidating. You look at how it was trading before the reference in time. And look at this. That's trending. This is consolidation. Meaning the next bit of business is going to be what? Trending. What's the direction? Bearish because it's left these highs up here and it can't even get to consequent encroachment. It gave you a wonderful entry here. Wonderful entry right there. And off to the races it went. And then reversal into retracing back up into the dealing range of 9:30 to 10:30. And it's bumping that high right in there. And then because it's Friday, this is consolidate rest of the day and kill everybody. So, let me know in the comment section if you see the logic that I've taught and been teaching for years. Okay? If you've been a personal student of mine since the '90s, you know all these things were being taught. Right from the old shoulder. Good old icy tea back then, too. But, I understand. People have to talk. People have to say things. And I'm so thankful they do. I'm thankful because you're advertising for me. Yeah. I I I start a fire all the time. I wreck my toy train all the time. Okay? I play Evil Knievel all the time on purpose so that way people can talk about me. And then when they come here and they see they want to see my stuff fail. They want to see it fail. But yet it keeps delivering over and over and over again. I'm the only person on the internet that used hatred, visceral, disgusting, aggression aggressiveness going towards me for marketing. Why? Because my image isn't that important. It's not important. Because I know I'm not going to prove everything to everyone. You're going to swear up and down something something's fishy here. Okay? It it it it's going to be like that all the time. Because that very narrative is always there. I tapped into that. I tapped into the tribal nature of humanity. This team mentality. Look at sports. People fight in the streets. And you know, go crazy and tear cities up because their team won or lost. So, I've done a good job of creating a persona online, which is Inner Circle Trader. That's That's not me. I'm nothing like that guy. >> [laughter] >> I'm really not. But it's fun to use him because he's like this big magnet to draw attention to either people that want to support the idea. And they rally behind that persona. And they're ready to go to war for that that man. And others that come here and they want to try to find fault and, you know, point the finger and laugh. But they don't point their finger and laugh when I'm showing those executions off of the things I talk about beforehand, do they? Isn't that interesting how they don't do that? That's why the running joke is so amusing to me. Because they're denying, ignoring it. They're literally walking around like it's not there. But they're every week. Every day. And it won't stop. So, uh the I got a lot of questions and we're just going to simply show you by contrast. Look at the bottom of the chart down here. Okay? This is what my chart looks like every single time I'm doing executions and I always show upper left hand corner. When the market's open, it'll say market is open and then it'll tell you how many hours before the market, you know, closes for the day. Okay? If I were Now, watch watch how things change, folks. If I were using market replay. Okay? And let's let's for the benefit of the people that think I'm doing these types of things, watch, okay? We're going to say that I had a time machine and I was able to go out in the future and know that the price is going to draw down to new day opening gap. Let's say that, okay? And that I felt that this was going to be the gap that it uses, but I'm going to try to get in there ahead of time before the 9:30 opening because I think it's going to be a big trending drop. Okay? Let's just say for the sake of argument I have a time machine that can do that. Okay? And then it affords me the luxury of being able to know that in advance. Yes, I'm being facetious, but it will accomplish the method in a moment. Watch. Now, watch what happens, folks. If I go over and say, "Look. Look down here. Paper trading. Replay. What just happened at the bottom of the screen? Look look look. Look look look Look down here. Look Look See these controls here? They popped up. Where did they come from? Right. Look at this down here. See that? And in in relationship to that star, look at all my executions. It doesn't look like that, folks. It doesn't look like that. And it sure as hell does not look like this up here. Watch. Replay mode, select your starting point. Now, watch. I'm going to select my starting point right there. Okay? This feels so weird. I honestly I'm going to need a shower after this. But now look See what See what just happens? Look up here. It turns blue. It has like these little double arrows like a rewind button on a remote control. Watch. If I tap on it, look what it says. Market is open? No. Market is closed? No. It says, "Replay mode, baby." Yeah, that somehow it doesn't look like my stuff when it's doing these things. Right? So, there is no control things down here, okay? And obviously the market's closed, but try this on your own, okay? When the market's open, do the market replay button, okay? And we're going to say we're starting from here and Let's see. I don't know how to use this thing. Good grief. How do you speed this thing up? Let's go one times faster than it is. Okay, hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Slow down here, pal. Slow down. All right. All right. Now, let's say for the Let's say for the benefit of this discussion, let's say that I want to be short, okay, if it comes up and touches the low of that inversion fair value gap. Doesn't it feel weird seeing me do this? This is weird. Watch. Watch. I want to do this all week long just to get just to troll everybody. Then at the end of the week show broker statement. Yeah! How about it, ICT? Go for it. There you watch. Ready? We're going to do some We're going to sell one on a limit. I was reading these comments. This guy's mentally ill. He's delusional. So, don't blame him. They they're referring to me. Man, I have done such a wonderful bang-up job. All right. We're going to have a stop that goes up above this high right here, okay? Now, obviously, this is comedy, but I want you to see something, okay? Watch how this behaves. Notice how the candle opens, it shows the opening price, and then it completes the candlestick. It doesn't go up and down showing you the breath of the candle up and down. It's whole entire life's span of what it does. Oh, look at that. Limit order just got filled. Look how Look how this is moving. This is crazy. Trading is easy. Trading so easy thumbnail, okay? And now we're going to do the take profit right below there. Okay, watch watch watch, ready? Woo! Look at that. Look at that. Look look look. Do you ever see these things down in my chart when I'm recording? >> [laughter] >> Do you ever see this this right here? Look at the relationship of this uh this time over here with this and then all this stuff and that little star. Also, when you're watching price action, when it's market replay, you see how there's no countdown to candle close in the in the price access here? Every single time I'm executing, okay? Every single time. It's showing you the countdown to the candlestick close. It shows it. And I encourage you to to simply try to do it yourself and you'll see that I am not using market replay. In fact, you know, TradingView, you're welcome to come out and tell people that what they're seeing is in fact 100% not market replay. You as the company can come out there and say, "Inner Circle Trader is not using market replay." You have my permission. You have my permission to come out and say that. Wonderful, go ahead and do it. Now, it doesn't mean that we're in partnership. It doesn't mean anything at all, but I'm just telling you, they're welcome to come out and do it. And you can copy them and say, "Hey, ICT said this this this." You uh hold my feet to the fire. I don't know why you guys are acting like that I'm doing something surreptitious. I'm not. I'm not doing anything surreptitious. But that's the difference. There There's clear hallmark signals here that tells you that what I'm doing with my executions is a real live market price. Period. End of story and you can't deny it now. So, I mean, I guess you can deny it. I mean, now watch what happens when we go out of this. I'm not sure if it does anything different with the chart or it's going to send me somewhere else. You can continue this later, I don't want to do anything with that. I don't want to save anything and I want to leave. Okay. So now Here you go. Everything as as it would show up without market replay buttons, okay? Now because my broker is none of your damn business, we have this perspective. Okay? Now if I go on the market replay one more time I got to exit this. We'll do market replay just for a second real quick. There. And I'm going to press play. Now for the folks who say, "Oh see, but you got to maximize the screen." I'm going to. Watch. Look. Watch. You know what's still down here? Those controls. Those controls right there. See that? All this business here. Doesn't look like that. Watch. Watch how it changes when I close it. Everything at the bottom of the screen. Leave. This is how my screen looks. That's how it looks, folks. Okay? And I screenshot it as I go because I know some of you think I'm a wizard at Photoshop and Christ name, I have never used Photoshop. I don't even know how to use it, okay? If you look at what I'm showing, I'm removing all doubt because I'm recording myself going into my Twitter account and screenshotting and then putting a string of tweets together. So that way as soon as the recording is starting its rendering, in other words, as soon as the trade goes to the profit or I get stopped out because it's happened a few times. When that occurs, then I go to X and I post all the charts. All those annotations, all those things. There's no way I can go back in time that little bit of time to have all that there. Plus I'm recording how I'm doing it. I'm I'm showing myself build that list of tweets in one string, one thread of tweets. So that way while the video's rendering, you already know what I did and what the fills were. There's no way I could fake that. And I will pay a million dollars to anybody else that can go out there and pretend to do this surreptitiously, some fake way of doing it, show everything that I'm showing. Prove that it's not market replay. Call the levels in advance. Tell you where it tell everywhere that's the market's going to go beforehand. And then use that information and trade with it. Without market replay and do exactly what I'm doing. $1 million. It's easy $1 million. If I was a fraud, >> [laughter] >> I wouldn't be asking somebody to do that. And it's easy to do if it was faked. If you could fake everything I'm showing you here, it'd be easy. Somebody More people would be doing it. More people would be doing it. But notice how it's just me doing it. It's just me. Simple.
