================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: Trade Management & Removing The Need To Be Right
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8s_vfK9HaM
================================================================================

be right there. Okay. And again, we're looking for a run down to new week opening gap, at least the high of a volume imbalance right there. So, I'm going to take that stop loss. So I'll put just above consequent encroachment on the cibby here. We could do this a whole lot larger, but it'll accomplish the method. I want to see things stay underneath that body wise. Specifically, my stop loss is just above that. And right in here again is that little volume imbalance right there. And we want to see that act as a a premium array. So that would be like this. It's also the 8:30 time where the algorithm whether there's news or not. I think there's an Empire something report or whatever. It's light. It's very uh low impact. And we're going to look at pretty. Okay. So, it's just a matter of the timing aspect here. Looking for And I'll do this 8:30 a.m. Eastern time. algo rhythmic expansion. So it's just a timing aspect and let's do this. We can do it this way. There you go. We've created relative equal lows right here. Move this out of the way just for a second. I'll put it back. See how the lows are there? See that? So, we'll put it back. We get a close below this body consequent encroachment. It'll also be a close below midpoint of this one. So that would be likelihood being high that it will reach lower at least taking out these lows. Then we got to judge based on what it does when it does that very thing taking out the lows. I grab that do uh this little stretch down here. Okay. and we'll be looking for some follow through in a moment lower again. I'm going to grade that lower wick right here so you can see what I'm looking for. So, see how we have that? It got real close to it there. But now, if this body closes, there we go. We got it. Now, we're just waiting for it to now follow through. I can take this stop loss now. Bring it down just inside of here. If I wanted to, if I felt inclined to do so, inside of this portion here, from this wick low to the consequent encroachment of that wick, anywhere in here, you can add another portion. And I'll do that here with Right. So, let's slap this there. Right there. Okay. And again, never never never requiring market replay. See that? There's a countdown. The candles that close in the right price axis. There's no th those little controls that uses that you use for market replay. They're not down here. You see that? Look at the time New York. Look where it's at. Look over here where all these little little controls are. See how it it's really there? It's not photoshopped. Okay. Everything is as it should be. And this is just my little toolbar. I place it down there so it looks nice. That's all. Okay. But the main thing is you can see clearly that market replay is not in operation here. Right about now everybody's having watched that little vignette pre-market review and uh commentary I just gave on X and you're looking at the price chart on your feed watching and thinking, "Wow, this thing's going right down there." Like that guy just said, it's trying to get down here to that new week opening gap. Like this guy's lucky. [laughter] He's He's so lucky. Makes me think of Britney Spears. I'm not gonna sing it. Now remember, as I showed in the little video from earlier, this was a buy side of balance, sell side efficiency bullish PD array. So we would like to see this become an inversion of that first utilization that becoming now an inversion for everybody. Okay. Now look at the look at the benefit of knowing what [clears throat] it is I'm teaching when we were doing the video. Yeah, you can see this is me. Okay, I already got it. I already got it ready. [laughter] I already got it ready. Um, but when price was up here during the video that I post and shared, uh, you can see how that I was indicating that I'm wanting something to send this lower. It just so happened that I wanted to be in this short right in here as soon as I close the video, but when I close the video, I have to render it. Okay, so Camtasia is the platform I use to do my video work. and you can't record a new video or do a screen capture while you're rendering one that you just worked on. So, you know, it's it's one of those things. Okay. So, otherwise, I would have entered in right here. See this little gap? It's got a volume imbalance there. Okay. This right there. right here. Take that off. Uh take the extender to the right off that right there. That candlestick, I would have went short on that. Soon as we opened and we went up into it, I would have went short. My stop loss would have been right above there. And I know some of you aren't going to accept that. That's okay. I can live with that. That's a sacrifice I'm willing to make. Then it had a sharp displacement. Okay. Okay. So when we have this, we have a small chance of price getting into an area where this candlesticks high 30,251. Even look at that. That's institutional order entry draw. One tick above that high to the candle to the left right here. Okay. You don't see anybody else teaching that. Everybody else will say imbalances have always been there. Of course they have. I didn't invent an imbalance. But the logic on how to implement precision elements of entering using them for order flow for determining where price should be used for stop placement, stop management and the the in volume imbalance right here. No one else talks about those types of things either. And I know some of these little points get on some of your nerves that have been around for a while like dude, you sound like a broken record. Stop defending yourself. I'm not defending myself. I'm answering people that send me comments and you're not the only student. So, please, when I see people cry to me about how I shouldn't be doing this, let me be me, okay? I'm a teacher and I'm teaching more than just you. But I have to respond to them. Otherwise, it just it gives the impression that their doubt or their concern or the things that they read and they haven't spent that much time with me that that alone erases all of those doubts cuz you'll see me using the information like I'm doing today here. Um, I'd also have to put it out there because AI is constantly scrubbing the internet. And if I don't have a rebuttal for the lies and misinformation that's shed about me, you know, AI gets a foothold on stuff and then everybody's lazy. They'd say, "Well, is ICT able to do this live? Can is there any uh track record of him putting this stuff out there, calling it, and then executing on it? And does the logic really exist?" That's the attention span of a NAT that most people have today. like Grock is going to know how I trade. [laughter] It doesn't. All right. So, now we're trading into this inefficiency. I'll scrub back here. There it is over there. Okay. So, that's the one we were using right there. And we it proved itself as a bullish PD array. But now we want to see it give up the ghost and allow for its utilization for that of a premium array supporting the continuation lower. Now it need not spend any time here. I just don't want to see it be used as a first utilization buy sign efficiency. I want to see it give up the ghost, go right through it or go through it and then come back up and then respect it as a premium array, then send us down into new week opening gap high. That's, you know, that's a pretty fair um example for those that are brand new. Went out on X this morning, short little 10-minute video. Didn't even put you through any ads. [laughter] And here you go. One more time. the old man getting lucky. So anyway, sometimes when I wake up, you know, I get a little bit of a frisky attitude. I want to get out here and be a little bit more snarky than I usually am. Then the Lord tapped me on the shoulder and said, "Listen, stop being so cute because I don't find it cute." So I have to wrestle that in sometimes. So we'll just have to deal with it. as it comes today. Now, I'm only going to take the stop down to take the risk out of the trade. Okay. for someone that's like brand new and maybe you're watching price action like this and you're thinking, "Okay, I'm nervous. I'm afraid it's going to not go down to the new week opening gap because, you know, I'm afraid they're going to change the algorithm right now and make ICT look foolish like deny him. And I get, you would be surprised how many people that send me things like that. But we have a sell side of bounce side efficiency here with the with the volume bounce at the low. So, I'm giving it a chance to give another institutional order for entry drill there. If it takes out this low, I'll just peel off one. Okay. And I'll do it with a limit order. That way it's there. And I'll do it just above consequent encroachment of last Thursday's dealing range from 7:00 p.m. to 1000 p.m. Eastern time. So I'll scrub it down here just like that. Right there. So that way the idea is it's going to likely draw down to half of that dealing range from last Thursday's Asian range. not the Asian range like for like when we're trading forex. That's not what I'm referring to there. What I'm referring to is the time at which the best trading can be done, which is between 7:00 and 10:00 Eastern time. Now, as I'm talking to you, I'm noticing that this right here is showing a little bit too much uh discount sensitivity for my liking. So, I am actually going to peel one off there just to fund the position. Now I have something banked right here. Show it. So it says market open. So ideally it should have did something like what it did here. Went just above this candlestick's high there. And then I would would have rather seen it really wilt and go lower there. And the fact that we're going in here it can it can do these types of things. I just frown on it when we're so close to the target. I'm trying to be a a participant in. So, I'm including the volume and bounce on the high and the low. Put the midpoint line on there. See, we can grade that. As long as it keeps the bodies in the lower half, I'm okay with that. As soon as we take out this low on a closing basis, the stock will roll right to this wick high. Otherwise, it remains where it's at now. If it comes back and stops me out, it's okay. It's okay. I like what I'm seeing there. I want to see a continuation of that. I want to see it get real, real heavy in here. heavy meaning we want to see it continuously move lower build momentum going down and my limit where is sitting just at the high of the new week opening gap or Sunday's opening so it should be fairly easy for it to fill even if it just comes out here and lightly taps Let's think about this. I'm I'm working with one screen, one laptop. Yeah. Everything on my screen you can see here. Okay. I have everything there. The chart that we're going to see go to partial Look, I got real close to it. Flirting, flirting with me. See, I I don't like when it does those types of things. Just one more time bumping the low of that cibby. That's this right here. Okay, when I post to target or a draw like for instance like new week opening up that's like a big like black hole like it can pull a lot of things towards it, but it need not actually get to it. So, knowing where you can get out at before it gets to that very specific terminus draw is important, which is what we were doing here around that PDA rate I outlined in the little video I posted on YouTube. I'm not YouTube, I'm sorry, on X. And it's this one here. Um, you'll trust me it's it's it's this video on this post here. It says where you will see the logic I gave in trader roundup this past weekend and I want you to carefully consider the odds of it being like I outlined so precisely and I said be careful today. And then this is the actual little video. Okay, it's a small, as you can see here, it says right in the description, it's a 10-minute video just outlining And we went over this as the um discount buy sell sign efficiency fair value gap and now because I want to see it try to gravitate back to new week opening gap which it hasn't traded to since it formed. So whenever you get that this is like the easiest type of uh framework for a Monday. So if you are experienced and we open and we rally up away from new week opening gap and never trade to it during Asia of Sunday evening then we have London session if it hasn't traded the new week opening gap in those two sessions and we are not experiencing some crazy runaway you know price action away higher or lower Mondays usually is you know in that case very easy for me to just try to like aim for a run into new ego opening gap. It's like a no-brainer type thing. It doesn't require a whole lot of thought process. Um whether it gets right to that level or not, as you can see here, I've already funded the trade. So, even if it were to turn around and go against me and stop me out, I I won. Like, there's no way that this can turn into a losing trade now. Well, let me not say it that way. They could do something crazy and gap it up here and then it stops me out above where I got in at. Then, in that case, obviously, then it would be, you know, a net loss. But as it is right now, theoretically, uh it it should not be permitted to turn into a losing trade. So the the critics of what I teach you, they'll focus if it were to come back and stop me out. They'll focus on the fact that he said it was going to go down here and it didn't and completely ignore all the things that I gave to get into the trade talking about when I was here that was going to go lower and then using the wicks supporting that trading down here. Uh, we do have this little body open and I would have rather fair gap that we showed at the beginning of the recording and in the 10-minute video that is a part of of a review. It's stronger when it does it on the close, not the open. the open is just not as reliable for continuation. So if you're seeing the bodies like if we're seeing if I were like in this case I want to see it go lower in this case I wanted to see it close go below the midpoint of that level. That's what I would rather see because if it can put that down there, then it's usually indicative of a pretty much a high probability continuation to move lower and then the next threshold would be okay. Then we want to see how it trades below that low, which is why I have a resting buy limit order right there cuz it could just go down there. If it does go down there, yeah, I could be wrong. I could be wrong. Could just come out and stop me out. But if it rolls down and takes out that low, then I have something uh funded again. I have two partials and I have one single that would get me out just right here. I want to see this fail as a buy side and balance sell sign efficiency the support price going higher. I want to see it fail there. Even though you see it there in price action like this, like you see it this way. And this is what is difficult for brand new traders and students when they come to me. They can see these little separations and and candlesticks. They can visually see it. It's not hard to see. It's one of the easiest PDA rays to find and spot that and breakers. Breakers are obvious, too. You can you can clearly see them. But when you see things like this, if if the market is in fact bullish, we should start seeing willingness to go higher. If it starts to do that, I will take another one off right at this high and above cuz I don't want to see that happen. I want to see price utilize this as an inversion fair value gap. Meaning that its first utilization is that of buyside delivery. So if it was bullish, any movement back down in like we saw here should see price going higher. because I want to see it gravitate down to new week opening gap. That's the analysis I'm subscribing to. Now, mind you, I'm supposed to be doing this with 17 laptops, by the way. It's pretty hard. But if it can prove itself heavy in here and not show a willingness to go higher and go lower and utilize it as a inversion fair value gap, that would be one more thing bolstering the likelihood of this trade panning out down to new week opening gap high. So, I don't want it to be behave like this. I want to see it do what you see me describe in my annotations, the inversion fair value gap while we're inside of this overall range. So, one way you can manage this is you can do a buy stop right here. So, while my stop loss on the two contracts remaining gets me out there, this one, if it goes above this high, which is what I'm not comfortable with, I will take a partial on a retracement. It's not ideal, but it's better than getting a full stop out on two contracts if it were to come all the way up to here. You see that? So, it's a it's a process of managing the trade, allowing myself to be participants of any further erosion lower in price action. But if I'm wrong and they could yank this thing higher just to, you know, cause the weaker minded and new students here to second guess what it is I'm teaching and allow the folks out there to simply want to say he wanted to go down here and it didn't go there. But I would have banked if I if I get stopped out here with one more, it's still a profit. If it gets me out here on a limit, it's still a profit. And then I'll have one left to either take the full stop out, which I won't move anymore, or it gets down to the limit order. So it doesn't matter to me now. I could care less. But what I do have to be mindful of is whichever fills first, whether it be the buy stop at 30,213 or the limit order at 30,179.75, whichever one fills first, I got to cancel the other because of fluctuations real quick in the marketplace that could happen. I don't want them to fill and remove the likelihood of if it were to continue going lower, I won't be able to get the participation of a run down to 30,169.75, which is the high, the new week opening gap. See how it's behaving here. I don't like that. So, it looks like it's going to take that buy stop, which would be like me trailing my stop loss on the trade to that high. But, I want to still see if I can get a breakdown. Like, it can go up here, hit that buy stop, take a partial, and then fail to go any higher and not touch my Now, I got to take this limit order off. Okay. So, now I have just two resting orders. I have a trail stop loss there and then I have the potential target what I was aiming for. It allows me to stay in the trade. It reduces the concern for every little minor fluctuations or the draw down against the trade. I don't like the market structure that's in play right here. So, it would need to really get heavy and move aggressively down below this fair value gap because we're inside a two premium raise. We just took a short-term high level's back. [sighs] So, if we can get on the other end south of this here and then bump it and shoot lower, that would bolster the confidence of running below this low, which I don't want to take a partial or in this case, I only have one contract left. I don't want to use that low as a target. I want to focus on that new week opening gap high. So, this is trade management 101. Knowing how to navigate, manage your emotions, manage the trade psychology. also not allowing them to take everything that's available of unrealized profit where I had that buy stop right here. Why risk the difference between this high and where my stop loss is up here on the final two contracts? Cuz if it if it goes above this high, you it could keep going higher and erode some of that unrealized uh profit. It's it's unrealized because it hasn't been closed yet. it's it's fluctuating higher and lower. But once you lock in a portion of the trade that's in profit, why allow it to reduce your paycheck? You're not going to do that with your job. You're not going to work all the way till Wednesday and say, "You know what? I'm going to work till uh till Friday. I'll do you Thursday and Friday for you for free." Nobody's doing that. Nobody Nobody's doing it. I mean, I guess sales people do. They put a lot of time in and they don't necessarily get any more money. But uh I'm not a salesman. So see how it's behaving here. That to me is not good. Okay. But I'm going to leave the stop loss where it's at for now. I want to see what we get at that uh octant at 875. So it's this one right here. These are actually one of the the better ways to learn because you're seeing me manage it. You're seeing me also manage price action that's not supporting the initial idea and what would I do in that regard versus just stare blindly at the chart and start praying. Please, please, please let it do this, let it do that. You can't do those types of things. I'm not saying God can't do those things. But you have to have a process and protocol to manage yourself, manage a trade because no one's doing it for you. Broker's not going to do it for you. You know, you can't rub the ICT Twitter profile and get three wishes either. So, [laughter] you're going to have to be responsible. [snorts] So, hopefully this is another little bump above this high here. This is like my last willingness to sit in this. So any sharp movement lower here, if it can do it, it may not, but if it can do it, that would probably be the last time it tries to get higher if it's going to be going lower. Otherwise, any anything higher, we're going to use stop loss at this high. So, I'm going to bring it down to just that high plus a tick right here. So, now I've secured $215 more and paid myself the hassle, the the hassle fee. Okay. The hassle fee of being in this little bit of a draw down of unrealized uh profit. I know some of you don't like to believe that someone posting stuff in advance and then them then turning the market against that idea like it upsets the paradigm that you're under cuz you think it's buying and selling pressure and it's a free market and I'm not that interesting. is I am not that interesting. But the sheer number of people that are willing to operate under the influence of specific price levels I'm posting, I'm presenting them a very large pool of liquidity to be sacrificed. And by default, people that would see that or participate in that would lose their faith in what it is I'm teaching versus not looking for it like that. And then that's that's where I'm at now. That's the size of influence I have. And that's not ego, okay? It's just market dynamics. You're creating the very pool liquidity. I teach you what we're trading for. We're trading for those types of things. Those people we victimize the people that are uninformed and they're in close proximity to where our target would be. So we're targeting that liquidity. But if I start saying like a very strong interest and a very key level, okay, it's not hard for them. It's not hard at all for them to tinker around with this and influence everybody's opinion or hurt their trades. And that's kind of like what I'm I'm demonstrating that I'm showing you that's what they're doing. But some of you are kicking and screaming saying, "This guy is unbelievable. He needs to have some mental help. You really think you're that important? No, I'm not that important. But my influence is something that is noteworthy. Let's say it that way. Because it's the the money behind it. You know, if you were walking down the street and you had every intention to go to the fifth house on the right and you were going down there to pick up some money from a friend that owed it to you and you saw across the street, just across the street, there was someone's wallet sitting there and you could tell that there was a little bit of money hanging out the the billfold. Would you look over there and say, "Nah, I'm not interested in that. I'm still going to go to where I want to go." you're going to cross the street and you're going to pick up the wallet and then continue doing what you're doing. So, I may be drawing your attention to something that may be a straight line run that I would prefer to see, but it may be advantageous for them, them being the collective that has influence over the marketplace. They can take this market anywhere they want. See, look at this. See how it's behaving here? Look at this right here. This is not organic. Okay? This is not organic at all. And you can argue about that all you want, okay? But the bottom line is I'm already paid. I'm already paid. And it makes no difference to me whether it comes up and stops me out and never goes down new week opening gap at this point or not. I don't care. Every trade you enter into isn't guaranteed. And you shouldn't demand that it always goes to your target. Your target is just your best case scenario. And if you don't have a way of getting paid before it gets there to the terminus, the last bit of what it is you expect to see, it's going to be very hard for you to be profitable in the first part of your career. And especially staying committed or confident that what you're doing is a worthwhile investment. All right. So, we're up inside this little civy here with two volume bounce, which is a suspension block. and we went to the 0875 octant. And again, these levels are graded off of last Thursday's Asian dealing range [snorts] that I gave on the X little video on X this morning, moments before this video was started. But any movement here, if we get it lower, I'm going to be trying to move the stop loss down and strangle some of the unrealized profit because I'm not interested in seeing it go any higher. If it does, then I'm probably cooked, as they say in the in the slang today. There's a buy sign bounce sign efficiency here. If it were bullish, I'd want to see it go up and run right on through this wick. But because I'm in a short, I don't want to see that. So, I want to see those types of things fail. which is what the critics of other disciplines or people just don't want to, you know, subscribe to what I'm teaching or they just don't like me because they're miserable. And that's fine. I mean, whatever gives you purpose in life, you know, I'm help I'm helping out. But whenever they see like a fair bag gap and they assume that, okay, here's where ICT would be going long, not necessarily. Not necessarily. You have to understand the narrative and where am I at in that trade idea? Am I even in the position that you're looking at? Sometimes I might not be, but because you think you see a fair value gap or you think you see an order block and it doesn't perform in a way that you think it should. You think that I failed because you look for things like that and price action to come back and say, "See, this is where it doesn't work. This is where it doesn't work." But they ignore all the times that I'm proving that it does. Even this even this example this example was fruitful even though it did not go down here. See new week opening gap high that is the target that says I was right. But right is not required for profitability. It's not required. Being profitable is knowing how to get in a trade while it's moving in one direction and finding ways to get out in that direction and not need or require the absolute target or terminus that you called for. That's real world trading, folks. That's the way it is. That's the reality of it. And frankly, nobody really teaches that way either. It's like all or nothing. Don't do partials. That's stupid. I put the trade on. I initially took this much risk and it's stupid to take partials off. That's dumb. Well, that's somebody that's not consistently profitable. Telling you that this is actually a a better video than I had in mind. If it would have just went down a new week opening gap, it would have been like we're we're so tired of this. It's boring. We we expected that [laughter] at this point, Michael, we we see it. We expect it to happen. But this actually is one of the better videos. Even if it comes back and stops me out, like it's just proof why you should be taking partials. It's proof and testimony that it works because it never fails being profitable. Think about that. If you're taking something off and that is going towards the positive column of your equity, it's increasing it. There's nothing anybody can say at all. Nothing. Not one thing they can say to remove the profitability of that. And that's that's the facts. There's no there's no argument here in that regard. Come on for that stop loss. Would it be funny if they stop that out and it runs right down a new week opening up? That would be funny. I get question all the time when I'm in a trade. Do I ever regret or have feelings about something before the trade closes out? Um, in this case, you know what I'm intentionally thinking is I wish I would have done six contracts on my fill. I wish I would have got in really up there for those that are asking. Like I said, I would have I would have went in on the candlestick right there, but I I couldn't get the platform to start doing what I needed to do by that time because the other video was rendering and there's no way for me to speed that up and it's just simply I can't do it. But I wish I would have done six contracts on entry here. And I wish I would have done four on that institutional order entry drill there. And then I wish I would added two contracts there and then held three contracts of all that still where I'm at. So three contracts would be sitting with a stop right there. that I'd be out partial out where you saw me down in the that orange 31,1 188 to 30,000 184 inversion fair value that we're looking where we're looking for. I would had most of my position off inside of that cuz I would carry three contracts still here. It would be good to see something not trade two but still make money on that. That's that's the key to being consistently profitable. Not requiring yourself to be correct. Correct is not the game. Being right is not the game. Okay. The process, the business here is finding profitability consistently profitability. So, the warning sign here for this deep retracement again was in case you didn't pick up on the the significance what I was saying earlier, uh, yes, we got a little bit of a a body below that midpoint. And if I'm bearish and I'm expecting this to become an inversion fair value gap, I want to see the body close below that. That's favoring a continuation lower I shared my stop loss publicly and we're going to see does this swing high stay in effect or do they tank it. I did it at that moment because I wanted to see two things happen. Number one, they have diagonal support here that traders are going to believe is supporting higher prices. And then there's my stop loss here. So, it could do this. It could come stop me out and then break lower and go down to my target. It could do that easily. And I kind of wanted to see that happen so that way I can talk about that later on. Sometimes when I'm in trades and I have like one contract left like this, it's like it's almost torturous because I don't care about the outcome now. And in some instances, I've been so inclined just to kill the trade because I don't care. Like I don't care if it does go to my target. I don't care if it would stop me out. I'm just I'm spending mental capital on observing price action that I'm no longer interested in. Like I don't care especially because I I've paid myself in this run and I'm no longer as interested or excited about where I thought it was going to go. It could still do it, but the probabilities are lower than that was of when I was looking at it when we were talking about price up here in my little recording saying it was likely to draw down to new week opening gap in that direction. I'd like to see something provide that. Well, here we have it. You know, it offered it here. Institutional entry drill here. Volume and balance there. adding into the wick here. See right there? Look underneath my cursor right there. You see it? There's my fill. It's inside the lower half of this wick. So, it's treating that as a premium array here on the candle of entry. We drop down into the fairway gap that I told you about in the little video before I started this recording on X. Took a partial took uh a stop, trail stop on one single contract of the two contracts I had remaining. And that leaves me with one contract still over here. And we went up into the lower half of that wick here. But I'm not convinced yet. Like it would have to get down below here before I would expect it to to roll over even further. Is this a whole lot of interference occurring right now? And I know a lot of you don't want to believe that, but that's that's what it is. How do you know that? Well, there's certain things I can't get into. And it's not important for you to know that. That's why you have stop losses and trade management. When it doesn't feel right, you start worrying about the outcome and you have the the affordability to take something off the trade, do so. If it's too much for you to breathe and you have anxiety and you have heart palpitations or you starting to get snappy with your wife or if you feel like you're going to kick the dog or something like that, god forbid, then simply close the trade. If it's causing you to have an altered state and you're not feeling yourself, no trade is worth that. None. So, master your emotions, master trade psychology, and then simply excuse yourself from the risk entirely and go do something else. Don't come back in 10 minutes. Turn it off and come back at the end of the day. Weird area for price right now. Like it's 50/50. No, not so much. It's like 6040. 60% likely it's going to go and stop me out [laughter] and 40% is going to go to my terminus target at new week opening gap that shifts in my favor if we can get down below this inversion fair gap or what I would like to see behave as such. This is a buy side of balance sell side efficiency Here, I'm going to take this buy side level. I had a stop loss off. I'm going take that off the chart. We have this little gap here. We wick down through it. We didn't leave a body below it. So, this is still potentially in play, but I'd like to see this act as an inversion fair gap. So far, the wick here on the high has done as much, but you know, it's still close to my stop loss. So I want to see how it behaves here. The real thing is I want to see it get below this candlestick's high on a closing basis which would put us below this as an inversion fair gap. It would validate it as such. If you can leave the bodies out of the upper half here, that's good. I'm going to bring the stop loss down to just consequent encouragement of that wick. I'm going to lock in because I stayed with the trade a little bit longer. So, I want to secure a little bit more and pay myself for the harassment fee of being plagued and vexed by a single contract. All right. See that candlestick here? It opened, traded up, and now it's showing this. So, that again, if we can get down, stretch it out, and get below on a closing basis below this candle's high. This is the opening of of that same candle. So, it's the same value. If we can close below that 30,196.25, um, that would that would most likely indicate that we're going to roll over and gravitate towards new week opening gap. Still too early here. Still too early. That's too close in my opinion to the close or not the close, the low of that. So, opening trading up to the low of it and then working lower and closing below this low, that would be good. Don't want to see any bodies in the upper half. See the number eight on here. There you go. I guess screenshot it with the eight not on the screen. People are looking at like 30 a.m. What is that? You're causing confusion. I had a guy I had to mute on YouTube says, "Uh, you're causing confusion. You need to stop posting on X. Stop following me on X. If I'm influencing your trade, then you're not following a model. You're following a man. And doing that is stupid. [snorts] And I'm in that list. The whole point is for you to be an independent thinker. And no matter what anybody else says, no matter what anybody else says about what you think's you're delivering in terms of price action and you're trading on it. That's the only thing that matters is what you think because the responsibilities in your hands. You can't you can't allow anybody else no matter how respected they are to you. You just can't you can't do it. Okay? You can't do it. [snorts] Right. So, we've done enough here. I'm going to bring the stop down even more. Pay myself another harassment fee. If I get stopped out there, I got a little bit more. It's okay. Now, why did I pick that? Because it's this candlesticks high that already spent two candle wicks above this buy sign balance all side efficiency that I want to see as an inversion fair value gap. It's done enough down here to warrant this becoming an inversion fair value gap. So for me to have a stop loss above this candlestick's high, it's good. If I get stopped out there, it's a good stop out. I want to be out there. If it goes that high, I don't want to be any any higher. I don't want to see any more retracement than that. So everything is a go. If it were to go lower, it's it's all there. And see that see how fast it snapped up there? Done. See the logic there? See how see how fast things can change and I don't want to be in that market if it does something like that. Well, the real interesting thing is we'll this tank right here and go down a new week opening gap high. [snorts] Think about that. All right. So, anyway, that was in my opinion very very useful information, very good demonstration of conceptual ideas. uh things that need to be weighed out while you're in a trade, when things shift to low probability, what you're supposed to do in that situation, how to manage it, how to behave as the trader in the in the driver's seat, and then using this information going forward, you know, not just simply saying, well, it went to my target and there it is. Or, wow, you know, I got smoked here. I better I better change my discipline or approach to trading because you it suddenly doesn't work anymore.
