================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: ICT General Market Commentary  \ November 24, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQM1Ut9V7mk
================================================================================

[Music] would just give me a heads up on X. Send me a tweet or whatever. Let me know you can hear me. Okay. Good morning folks. How are you? Market is now open. We have a bit of a gap here. So there's your reg trading hours gap. We have a regular trading hours by sell pool here. This is NQ Christmas ENQ December contract. And there's a line just right above that. I'll show you here in a second. Give me a moment. So you uh you view it from a hourly chart. What I was showing my kids this morning was this portion of price action from this candlestick up here is low to this candlestick's high. That's annotated right there. the sell side of balance buy efficiency. You look past that, go over to this little area here. This is a balance price range because of this candlesticks portion on the upside and to the downside. So, if we get a little bit of a run of the buy side here, this uh pointed to and we get into this area here, how far can it run up? Now, this is barring what I said to my kids. um if they start dropping bombs in uh Venezuela, then obviously, yeah, market's going to do whatever it's going to do. But all things being equal and there's no disruptions, I think that uh for a premium level, this is where I'd like to see it get to. Doesn't mean it can or will is that's where I'm aiming for. I'll let that know this morning. So, um we have new week opening gap here. right there. And I have that Greg I have that graded on a a one minute chart. Here's the buy side. I told you from regular trading hours. You have to know those levels, folks. If you're just looking at the regular trading hours, I'm sorry, excuse me. If you're just looking at the electronic trading hours only for market structure and for liquidity purposes, you're you're losing sight of what's available to you because of overnight overnight over the weekend, that type of thing. And uh it's important for you to know what those levels are because they're going to be pertinent. And to answer the fellow's question I I mentioned earlier on X they said uh you know what's a good book recommendation for like liquidity and there is no real good book out there for liquidity. I'm actually writing it every time I talk to you all and u I'll have very specific you salient points that you can live by in text format. There's that that draw in the I just told you about as well and it's it's probably random. I'm looking for white off to give me some reason why why it would have done that but that it's escaping me at the moment. Let's say this is the new week opening gap here. So in other words, this is where we stopped trading here. Here's Friday's settlement and then we opened here on Sunday at 6 p.m. So the difference between those two price points that is a new week opening gap as we define it and then we grade that. That means we're simply placing a Fibonacci on it not because there's something magical about Fibonacci but we want to grade it with the lowest quadrant the equilibrium or consequent encroachment because it's a gap upper quadrant and the actual opening price. So that's your range. You want to have that throughout the entirety of the week. And also keep them on your charts for about five weeks. They go a little bit longer than that. Uh I've used older ones than than five weeks, but it'll it'll serve you well. All right. So, uh why did I feel confident coming here on live stream and tell you where it's going to draw to like that? Well, we came down into the new week opening gap and noticed that the bodies did not even trade to consequent encouragement there or the wick. You see that? and we consolidated around the upper quadrant. And then right here, we failed to get down to that upper quadrant. So, we have a failed attempt to get to consequent encroachment. That's bullish in and of itself. Failed to get the upper quadrant here. Bullish in and of itself, keyed off the upper portion of the new week opening gap. And then look what it did here. Failed to get to it there. So, what is it doing? It's building some kind of a narrative that it's under accumulation. It's under accumulation. And that means we're going to build a pool of liquidity, some stops. So traders that are going to see these levels as retracements, harmonic patterns, you know, gly patterns, all this, you know, supposed zoo patterns, uh, they'll run on them. And that's what this dive down here is here. They wipe out that go down to the lower quadrant fail to get to the low of the new week opening gap and we start accumulating again. Now watch what happens. We hit the consequent encroachment upper quadrant doesn't come back to the high of the new week opening gap and starts building all this run in here. All of this is a a precursor to how we're going to trade the opening on a Monday with a new week opening gap. They've already did the damage down here. Okay? There's no reason for it to want to go lower. Precession before 9:30 Eastern time, it drops down, gives us a little bit of a retracement inside of this range here. displacement down into a pos efficiency right there rips up into the regular trading hours buy side up into the level I told you that would likely reach up into the hourly civby and in and of itself by itself creating the first few minutes just on a momentum basis start of a new day start of a new peak, that type of thing. This is one of the easiest breadandbut approaches where it's fast bias real quick. And I know some of you are going to still ask me how how could I have known or how could you have known that it was going to go up? Well, I I started off right away, right to the point, potentially viable to anticipate these levels traded to the PDAs that I teach, the PDAs that I I show you, if you're looking for indications of bullishness, bearishness, strength, or weakness underlying or get the underpinnings of the marketplace. If they fail to even trade to them while bullish and you don't see them touch them or come down to a a discount, that's huge in information insight that's beneficial. And by having that information, it allows you to say, okay, well, if I have a bias, I think it's going to go higher or go lower. And if I'm seeing these PDAs that are obvious and grading these levels that are gaps, if they're not being traded to, that's that's the price indicating to you algorithmically that, you know, we don't need to go there. We have someplace to be right now. We we're under our schedule and we don't have time to dillydally around. We got to go. And it's just like a gunshot. Boom. You're anticipating the hit and you see it right here out the gate this morning. Okay. So that's probably me not doing it correct again. Right. So um let's go back out to hourly chart just for a moment. And uh again this is again just for today's purpose only. This is about as high as I would anticipate just for the morning session. Now that doesn't mean it can't go higher. Doesn't mean it can't stop right here. It's already done enough for me. It's already done enough. And for anyone that's trying to trade the opening range, uh, this is how you can do it where you don't have to wait for a fair fair value gap where first a fair value gap. You don't I don't need that stuff. I don't need that. It's just for me to teach you as students how to find where the market will be going next and where is it going to originate that run from. And then by teaching you that skill set, it helps you build a baseline foundation as to what the market may reach for. And then I guess it's a rhyme or reason or a protocol to follow every time you sit in front of the charts because if you don't have that, you know, it's it's a waste of time and it's very frustrating. And then you what you'll do is you'll turn to other people live streaming and listen to them talk about things that have nothing to do with why price is going to go up or down and they're time wasters. So by having some models or building blocks to a model, which is what my PD arrays and my lectures build on, uh it helps formulate an approach for you as a developing trader or a new student, someone that's just curious as to what it is I do and what you as the community use learning from me. There's different levels to using the information I've shared. Obviously, there's a whole lot of depth still to be you tackled with it. But in its infancy, the things that I've taught are light years ahead of everything else. And it's very liberating when you realize that you don't need a whole lot of moving parts. You don't need to know every facet of everything I've ever taught about on this YouTube channel. It's a lot of information, but you only need a couple things. What gets you bullish? What gets you bearish? Start there. Okay? And then how to frame a narrative. If it's bullish or bearish, where's it going to reach to next? And how would price use what's already to the left? What PD arrays would it use for like a ladder rung? Okay, or I used that analogy before as a mountain climber before the mountain climber even starts, you know, ascending the cliff or the rock surface, they're already looking and mapping out potential hand holds and footholds. So, they're not up there just grabbing a hold and trying to find something next. They're they're trying to make a route to get to the zenith of that that rock surface, the top of it. They don't want to get caught in a pinch where oh no, I've climbed out here and I have nothing to reach for. So by mapping out looking at the left side of the price run, which in this case was this here, all of this is the rock surface down here and it starts to run up. Don't worry, I'll show you what these are in the lower frame. Just let me make my case for what I just said in the beginning of the live stream. it rallies up and it goes for the regular trading hours buy side and then the inefficiency low. So this is the civvy all this right here and we traded down I'm sorry we we traded down took out got sellside out here and left this inefficiency now I teach a concept called balance price range has nothing to do with market profile footprint level two nothing it's just simply looking at price action it can't hide from you so you don't have to worry about it being complicated it's always going to be in the price charts okay if you're looking at it through a timebased measurement chart like open, high, low, and close. If you start distorting your candlesticks or your ranges and start creating all these little Mickey Mouse, you gimmicks, you will not see the purity that's in the open, high, low, and close. You need to be able to see these things because it's going to highlight the very specific things that the algorithm is going to fire into, what they're going to be waiting for be before they start distributing their their longs or short. And you can argue with me all you want. I I don't really care. We're not a religious sect around here, okay? It's not a cult. You don't you don't have to believe me, okay? But the people that have subscribed to it long enough to see it in their own hands and you're never going to convince them. So that's all I'm trying to do is for you to be an independent thinker. You're not trying to support me, defend me. You're not doing any of that stuff. You're just trying to say, can I make money with this? And is it consistent? And that's all that's all that matters. So a balanced price range is any portion in price action where we have a distribution of delivery both sides and for a very simple approach to explaining that I want you to think about how this price run place in this price run we have an inefficiency right here where it's just one single candle traverse between the previous candle's high and the next candle's low. That that range between those two price points here was only distributed to on this single 1 hour candle. That's what we refer to as an inefficiency. What is it inefficient on? It's inefficient in sellside delivery because this is buyside delivery, not liquidity. It's delivery. It means the movement of one point to the next where price has traversed. In this case, it's moved higher. So, this is buyside delivery. It's inefficient in sellside side because it hasn't moved back over top of this range at all until we got over to here. But it left a small little portion right there in deference to that low and that candle's high. Now going lower or to the left in the f you had this one. I like this one because it's anchored to an order block. Why not this one? ICT. This one here because we have one, two, three down closed candles. That's all one order block. It's one single delivery of sellside delivery. Okay? It's not a gap. It's one single block of price action that moved one direction. It's opening is here. That's the change in the state of delivery that resides very close to the midpoint of this gap here. I'm in incorporating this volume imbalance, which is the difference between this candlestick's closed and this candlestick's opening. So, there's no bodies connecting here. It's just the two wicks that are joining and touching. So that's our volume imbalance. This portion of price action being delivered to the upside leaving the order block. I like that in and of itself because it's a fair value gap that's going to be utilized and more likely to be influential over price action because it has more than just simply one candlestick saying, "Hi, I'm a fair value gap." It's anchored to some other PD array, which is this order block. So it leaves it here and this portion on the upside that single one hour candle going up it's overlapped with this portion of this single 1hour candle. So between this candlesticks open and I'll draw it out for you. and over here. So between I'm saying between I'm making words up every time I come out here. I coined it. Don't use it. So the open here that's the high of the buy sign bounce sell sign efficiency. It's not a suspension block because there has to be a volume and bounce to the lower end too, not just one side. So this is a buy sign balance sell sign efficiency. This candlestick's high is the low of this bissy b I si by side imbalance. It means it's one directional. No other candle shares this range at all until we get to this candlestick right there. And notice what it's done. One single pass here and then one single pass here. So that makes this portion of price action right in here a balanced price range. What does that mean? Well, it means that if price can trade up to it, it's going to be a formidable foe in terms of allowing price to cleanly cut through that. It doesn't mean it can't because if there's a geopolitical event that takes place, something that was unexpected, then obviously you can see that there's uh, you know, very little in terms of resistance keeping price from going wherever it wants to go in extremes. But here it's a wonderful objective to reach for on the upside because how far could it traverse into this portion here? Well, you can grade this high to this balance price range low and you can get quadrants there and you can see how it eats into that. And we'll do that now. These are things I'm going to talk about in the book, but like I told you, don't buy my book. It's not for money. I'm not trying to get rich off the book, okay? Okay. And I already said that the things that I am talking about in the books are already on the YouTube channel. And this is the first time I'm revealing this. So that way you can see that it's not something I'm only going to show you in a book that you have to pay for. You don't have to do that. All right. So we'll just use the candlestick high, candlestick low, and we'll grade that here. I got all the levels and there. And all I'm doing is showing you how to grade an inefficiency between two PD arrays. There are so many things that you can study and far it out of price action when you understand how price is actually booked and what liquidity and inefficiencies mean in terms of price. There's a lot of people that say, "Oh yeah, inefficiencies ICT supposedly invented imbalances or inefficiencies." I've never said that. I've never said that at all. I'm just the only person out there that's going to teach you how to use them for for the right reasons and how to use them, you know, consistently with precision. Everybody sees these little inefficiencies and say, "Oh, yeah, look at that. It's going to come back and and overlap that area." Okay, well, that's not enough. I want to know when is it likely not to do that. When is it likely to only trade to the lowest portion of it and then sell off? When is it likely to go to half of it and stop and turn on a dime and then go lower? Or when is it going to overlap it entirely, overtake it, and then use it as a trampoline, as a discount array that sends price higher? See, nobody's talked about those things. Only I'm talking about Mr. Rogers of the futures market is doing that. So this range here from here that I'm not anchoring to this candlestick because this candlestick's uh time. It's the range the high of that candlestick is what we're framing for this portion of price action. It's balanced price range. But we can see how price dug into the lower quadrant of that range and failed to get to the middle or consequent encouragement. So until we get a close above this, the range is defined by what we have here in opening range. So this is the initial short-term high during opening range. We're entering the macro right now. So it's 9:50 a.m. And we'll see what we see in terms of uh price action. But now we have a a marker that delineates if it can take out this high and close above this halfway point that's being highlighted here at 24,736 then we would be bullish and I would only be bullish up to this candlesticks low in the lower quadrant halfway point I wouldn't be interested in only just for day purposes so in other words like PM session lunch macro you all those types of things final hour trading this is the the furthest I would expect for today not that it can't go higher if it did I would just it would just move without me. So that way it kind of explains my perspective there. So that's the business here. We're going to drop down into the one minute chart. So this is the new week opening gap range that's highlighted here with the gradient levels. And now we're going to do the same thing with range gap. So we have the opening here previous settlement. So here's midpoint. So there's usually about a 70% chance that that usually can be traded to. So half the gap by 10 o'clock. So we only have about 8 minutes left to do that. Uh I wouldn't be so demanding that it does it today. But that's always a a potential idea that I like to look for. Is there something that would support that idea? There isn't anything yet technically to support that here. But that's something that as a teaching a gap in the morning between 9:30 open and where we settled the previous day is a wonderful opportunity to study that premise. There's a there's a rhyme and reason why price does certain things, but just simply me saying it isn't enough. You have to be able to look at it yourself, measure the the importance because you've seen it happen this many times out of this many observations and and drills looking for it. So when you're looking at price action and you're grading levels and such by having levels this number of lines on a chart is a little dis disorienting for me. So what you want to do is you want to create like work workspaces on your platform. Yeah, I know Trading View does it, allows it. Um, you want to have a chart or a layout or workspace that's just simply highlighting new week opening gaps. You want to do the same thing with new day opening gaps. And you want to have one that has the opening range gap, which is previous day settlement or previous Friday settlement to Monday's 9:30 opening Eastern time or the very next trading day if it's not a Monday. And by having your charts real clean like that, it's it allows you, it only takes a second to go up in the upper right hand corner and toggle it to a new new workspace and then your one trading space. I like to tell you eventually try to look at it naked where there's nothing on your charts at all because I don't have all this stuff on my charts. These are all just levels I have written on a piece of paper. That's what's next to me here. So these levels are written down in text format that I handwritten out and shorthand like little notes what I think and that's it. And I only annotate the charts because it's helpful for you as a student watching it. All right. So um this right here 931 uh that's the minimum criteria for a first percented fair value gap. So you have to see that 931 candlestick open up and close. Once that forms, if it has a fair value gap, which in this case it does, this is the earliest you can use for as I give my son uh Caleb. I said, listen, for for rulebased principle only, first present the fair value gap, we'll just classify it as 931. It's the earliest it can form. and what that does or what it did and how I was aiming for trying to eliminate a lot of confusion for him because there's going to be some times that if you look at electronic trading hours, which is not what we're showing here because we have regular trading hours highlighted in the lower right hand corner. Sometimes when you have electronic trading hours in there, you'll see it form a fair value gap right at 9:30. And there's a lot of rules that go along with using a 9:30 fair value gap. It it's it's like a Pandora's box. if I talk about them here and I've already got y'all you know ruling as okay give us more details about that because you don't feel that there's enough already given with the 931 fair gap as being the first presented one at its earliest so it's not because I want my son Caleb to be limited in his understanding initially yes that's beneficial but I'm trying to keep him focused on the things that are so easy to follow and a lot of the extra extreme rules that come along with trading on that first one minute candlestick. Um it's it's not imperative. Okay. And honestly, if you only stick with 931 as your earliest potential first presenter fair value gap, it will yield so much more clarity and remove a lot of the uncertainty and ambiguity. Also, when watching price action, you'll just know I can trust this because these these points of reference hold up more time than they fail. That's I guess it's the easiest way of saying it. So, we have a minor buy side here. We already like I said, we we ran above higher straight from the uh opening bell. First presented fair value gap is here and they have a volume imbalance at the high end of it. Okay, so that would be first presented fair value. to center. So we have sellside side here, day session that means electronic trading hours. We have sellside formed here and we have buy side here. they would be considered minor buy side, minor sell side because it's just simply the first range that was formed inside of the first 30 minutes. And by having that reference point, what you'll be able to determine is what which one does it run for next? What's what's the benefit of that? It helps you trade the silver bullet that forms in the 10:00 hour. So, if we run up and take this out here, then what we would want to do is see it stay running towards that balance price range I showed you on the hourly chart. If it were to go above this high here and falter and break lower, then chances are they're going to probably run for the sell side. And if it's going to do that, then we have to consider the upper quadrant consequent encroachment for the opening range gap. So, it's a if then clause for like an algorithm. If price can do this, then I'm going to focus on that. While it's in the middle like this, do nothing. Don't do anything because it's already given you a run here that was profitable. minor buy side over here and that level here I had already on the chart and I told you that's where it was likely to go to and it cleared those and it's fallen short of that dynamic range measuring that inefficiency between the hourly balance price range and the low shown on that hourly chart and I did that grading that's what that says here okay so um for clarity sake and because I don't have the benefit of correcting myself after I do it because it's live. Uh, normally I was if I say something out of place, if I say, you know, if I reference a point, which I'm questioning whether or not I said that correctly about the hourly chart. So, I'm I'm annotating this here as the midpoint. So, as long as we're below this, it's likely that we'll run for the sell side and maybe try to work in towards the consequent encroachment or midpoint of the gap. That was the opening range gap. Trading above that, then the low of the balance price range on the hourly chart. The laptop I'm using here, they only last me about I don't know 18 months. I wear them out. I don't have very much memory left on this one. So, also the batteries are you fizzing out. So, I got to find the the plug for this in case it turns off on me. So, give me one second. I'm going to mute it. and so we should be okay now. Let's plug back in. So we have first visit fair value gap. It trades down into that minor buy side is isn't is in striking distance and that halfway uh measurement of consequent encouragement on that dynamic range on the hourly chart uh it's just above that here. So that would be the deciding factor. If we can take out that high, how do we use this level? Does it trade above it and close above it? If it does, then it warrants a continuation. In my opinion, it's my opinion only, then it would reach for the bounce price range to the upside. Okay? If it trades above this and fails to go here or it trades above it and wicks through it and then closes back below this candlestick's close, which would be what? The rejection block. then it would be more likely that it would reach back down into run the stops here and then the opening range gap becomes a a primary concern. But right now sticking with the the strength of opening up in the direction of the opening range gap that means where we stopped trading Friday here and where we open today. That's what the difference is. Okay, that's our opening range gap. Don't see any white off in here. Do you? New pitchforks. Jason decent. So, um, we made our way up into that consequent encroachment. And that's that that wick to the range that I measured out on the hourly chart before we uh got here. The balance price range in here looks better if it's in the right chart. Electronic trading hours. There you go. Makes much more sense now. Michael, that's something I would have edited out. So that would be me holding down control, tapping the letter M, and that makes a little marker on the timeline of the raw recordings. And that way I can go back in and fix that. Sometimes you have to do a dub over top of it, or simply just go over top of it and say it all over again, which is what I'm going to do here. So this is the high of that candle and that's the low of that inefficiency or dynamic range. This portion of the drop down, how much can it trade up into is defined by this candlestick and that candlestick. And I talked about the reasons why because this is the buy side delivery and this is the sell side delivery that makes up this balanced price range. So think of this like the I guess it's the um firmst boundary on the upside that I would see for the morning session and I would be content if it could trade there and I wouldn't have any desire to demand that it gives me more than that. Doesn't mean that it can't go higher. This means that if I were in a long, I would be content with scaling out here something something here at the upper quadrant and then definitely closing it right below that level there because many times you've seen me be be so precise that my limit order would be the high and it won't give me the exit because it simply just went to the price and didn't allow the spread to engage the limit and the liquidity purge me with somebody on the other side. So again, here is the science behind what you don't see in textbooks. Nobody else talks about these types of things. It provides you a great deal of clarity. Um it gives you a lot of u focus on what is possible and why price should act this way. And it's algorithmic. It has nothing to do with volume. There's nothing here volume-wise. There's nothing here uh footprint-wise. No level two stuff. No, you know, Gartly, harmonic, nothing Fibonacci, no ratio trading, no GAN, no her cycles, no nothing. It's just simply me showing you what this is. This is it. This is the language. This is one of those look here moments. Okay, that's what happened in the 90s. So, you can see how it's delivered. We used this new week opening gap initially, how we traded down into that there. Whenever you get a new week opening gap and it trades down and closes it ahead of the morning session as we see here it's Monday, November 24th 20 uh 2025 and that formed at 5:00 a.m. this morning. So that's 2 hours before our early pre-market session, which is 7:00 in the morning to 10:00. And that is the encapsulation of both Forex and futures trading. So the rules are there for no matter what you trade. If you're trading CFDs, if you can't trade the futures market, okay, that's fine. Trade the U 100, US 500, the US30, the dirty 30. um you can track it doing these things. So don't think that you're limited because you can't trade our markets and like we can't legally trade the CFD markets in the United States. I know people out there try to say they're making all these millions of dollars on offshore uh fake brokers. Okay, but yeah, I I just don't believe that's happening because where are they going to report their earnings from? You got to pay you got to pay taxes on that money. But these scammers, they they forget that that that's part of the the thing that people that are are financially literate know. And majority of you people out there have no idea what's going on and you just believe them because they put screenshots up with numbers. This is what I made. Big deal. Show it in the bank. They never do that. So the your trace went down into that new week opening gap here where we settled on Friday and where we opened it trades down to 3/4 of that and then rallies the three quarter mark there. See that? And we traded up, ran in the direction I gave you at the start of the stream, drove into the level I told you, and now we're underneath the condition of do we close above this? Okay, do we close above it? On the one minute chart, you can see we laid down a couple bodies. We closed above a here. We closed here. And now there's a volume imbalance with a fair value gap there and an old high that has a wick. So what we would do with something like that is you want to measure the wick. Look at this guy. He's calling this stuff before it happens in live stream. It's just random luck, folks. I promise you. I have no idea what I'm doing. I'm making it up as I go. All right. So, we would want to see the body stay in the upper portion of this wick if it remains bullish. Okay? It could be done for the morning session and then a deep retracement going into the 10:00 hour and that might be the criteria that's used for silver bullet. But here to see a sustained run up into the balance price range which is up here. I would want to see the body stay in the upper half in this blue line here. Like see this is permissible that little drop down here. But I would want to see the body stay up here and then start to resume going higher. Otherwise we would already have a scaling of partial profits here limit orders resting here and then something right above right I'm sorry not but right below that. Okay, so you saw today I came out live right out the gate told you directional bias the narrative as to why it would be utilizing that it traded to two targets actually traded how many targets I had this one here was the first one minor buy side then we have the level here from the hourly chart and then we had this minor buy side traded to and then the consequent encroach on the dynamic range on the hourly chart. So there's four targets right there. So it's filled four numbers. So you would only have about 20% of your original position on that you went long on right out the gate trading in here because it already gave you an optimal trade entry long there. So, it's already showing a willingness to lay a body down below here. So, it would need to immediately reject that and go higher or we're probably going to roll over and start trading right back down into this portion of this consolidation. And then what you would do then is measure the high to that low. Where would the equilibrium price point be in that? It's just simply taking this. So all all we're doing and it sounds complicated the first time you spend time with me. It's like how's he picking this? Why is he picking that? If you listen to what I'm doing, I'm telling you the reasons why. But that's right here is equilibrium of this range. So the last line in the sand for morning session bullishness would be um this line here. So halfway of all this consolidation, which isn't all that big of a deal because it's really just a one minute consolidation. It needs to stay above that. So in other words, it's okay if it trades all the way down there, but if it repels back above it, then we would want to consider again all the things I mentioned up here. Otherwise, if we lose this level here on a closing basis, my morning session bullishness is now pushed to the sidelines. I would be done. Meaning what? My stop loss on the position that would be long down here would be resting just below this. Now, see how that's easy? It's easy, isn't it? But now imagine this being explained to you in a book. hard, isn't it? It would take a lot of the lectures you've already sat through and listened to understand what I mean by that. So, that's why I've been pushing off writing books because they're not the best op they're not optimal for teaching, especially the degrees of precision that's required and detail. And that's why I talk a lot because there's so many things you have to weigh in whether or not is this something I would want to use right now and if not what makes it viable. What would be a catalyst that may be a problem once I enter the trade? What would be factors that would limit the potential profitability of that trade once I entered into it? What things should I be concerning myself with? and what other things aren't so important but I feel they are because of my inefficiency as a developing student because of my time doing it thus far. So it's there's a whole rhyme and reason why I do everything even when I'm trolling. So now think about it like this. We've had a run right out of the gate here at 9:30. So there's 9:30. We have first value you got. We've had four levels filled. We have sellside resting here. That was the run that took us to this level there. If we lose the middle of this consolidation always look at like this. So, this block of price action right there. And I got to change the color because it looks a little wonky like that. All right. And so this con this consolidation in price action halfway is right here. That's equilibrium. So if you ever study how price moves from trending or price swing higher then it moves into a period of consolidation like this which is how I was teaching the elements to a trade setup. That's the first lectures in the paid mentorship on the 201620 2017 playlist on my YouTube channel. That's my real paid mentorship. That's the lectures that they got. Okay? If you study that, I talk about how there's retracements, expansion, consolidation, that type of stuff. This is where markets are in consolidation and then they have an expansion run. Now, if it's going to trade back down into this consolidation, we want to see it stop at the midpoint. And I don't want you to take that as the gospel. I want you to go back and look at anything. Look at stocks, look at bonds, look at currencies, look at even crypto stuff. I I'll venture to say it's probably going to hold up there, too. Consolidations when bullish only trade down if it can even manage to get down to halfway. That's usually the halfway point sensitivity and then it resumes going in the direction it wants to go on a higher time frame basis. So having this understanding of consolidations when bullish are very sensitive in the upper quadrant or upper half just like I teach with the PD arrays the same same applica I'm sorry application I use with individual PD arrays is what you want to use at consolidations. So what are we doing? It's the same school of thought with market structure there. It's not complicated, folks. It's very, very simple things. But what you're trying to do is you're trying to learn everything in a five-minute trainer video, understand everything I'm talking about, so that way you don't feel unsure because it's complex. And for folks that don't know English, I commend you. I mean, I I've taught a lot of people or inspired rather a lot of people to learn English simply because of the stuff I'm teaching in these videos and live streams. And some of them are have become fluent English-speaking individuals. And that's awesome to me. I think that's actually more impressive than you learning how to trade because English is weird, isn't it? If you don't know what I'm talking about, watch the the comedian named Gallagher. He does he was the first one to do skits on our English language where words you would expect them to be spelled the same way just by changing one letter or not. It's crazy. Whoever sat down and made up our language is is a But, you know, it is what it is. We have uh small little gap in here and price traded down into upper quadrant of this consolidation. And look at the sensitivity there. The bodies wick down. Yes. Fairbody gap. And in this wick traded right back up to the old high which was what? What is this level here? That's that consequent encroachment of the dynamic range I gave you on the hourly chart that was between the balance price range low and the other level I anchored to on the hourly chart. I just jumped to whether or not I have everything for Thanksgiving. I'm sorry. This is the This is the perilous live streaming. My mind is jumping. Did I have Do I have everything? I'm I'm I'm under the assumption that I have everything. That's why I live stream this morning. But now I'm beginning to think I don't think I have the cranberry sauce, which I don't eat, but my daughter-in-law likes that stuff. So, I have to make sure I have that. Give me a second. I'm going to write this down. I don't know how anybody eats those cranberries. They're nasty. So, uh, anyway, while this is cooking here for a minute, I just want to take a couple minutes. I didn't want to be here long. Um, let's go to uh daily Bitcoin chart, right? All right. So, if you remember, um, 10 days ago or so, two Mondays back, I did a live stream. It was general market commentary then, and I told you that you we would be trading down into this area here on Bitcoin. And that occurred right around there, there. And then it it tanked, went lower. Um, it traded into this candlestick here. It's a down close candle. It's a bull shoulder block from the high to the opening. This changing state delivery hits that and now we're just meandering around inside here. So, it actually went further than I called for for Bitcoin. Um, I gave you all the pertinance here. the uh dollar index told you that we would be using higher prices as our expectation. And this here is defining this market maker buy model. This is a 70.5 level. If you remember that, if you don't know, watch that live stream. I spend a great deal of time just on the dollar chart, but the information I share on that dollar chart is just literally like the best information I can give in 90 minutes of time. Like it's the best the best the best. And I promise you, if you study that lecture, that live stream, you will get more from that one singular video. If you've been with me for a year or two, a year or two, foundational understanding that that live stream, I wish I wish I would have had that in the um the charter membership uh lectures, but because people were in there selling my stuff and making it available to everybody else around the world, um I I I stopped doing mentorship and because it was abused there that now now I just do it like this where it's for free and I ain't got to worry about it because everybody has it and it's somebody stupid enough to pay for it because I'm teaching it to you for free on my live streams now and YouTube videos. And you're a if you're paying for it now cuz it's literally given to you as a gift. But there's people out there that think there's no way he's he's not treating, you know, teaching behind a payw wall still. No, I'm not. I'm not doing that. I'm not doing signals. I'm not doing mentorships. I'm not selling information. I'm not doing investment ideas. Everybody that says you just DM'd me. Um, I don't ever DM anyone. I'm not on Instagram. I'm not on Discord. I'm not going to talk to you on can't remember what uh Telegram. Um, I'm not on Facebook. Uh, I'm never going to DM you on X or Twitter. I I don't do those things. But as soon as someone asks you for money and it it looks like I'm talking to you, block them because that's a that's a scammer. I don't need your money. I don't need your affiliate code to make money. I don't need to do anything, okay? I'm out here doing this for free. So, we went back through um all the pertinent details here and then look how we came down recently here. So, this was after um the live stream that I gave you. It came down to the 70.5 level and it's the lower quadrant of this sub uh this side efficiency. It's that here runs higher and then we run out the high that's formed there. There's a small little pool of liquidity right there. That would be the next point of interest for me. Uh there's no inefficiency here. And we have a volume imbalance there. So if it pumps above that high, that volume of balance right there, have that on your chart because that might be a point. That's the next area I would expect if we resume higher in price for dollar index. That's where I think it would go to next. So we have buy side there and then we have a PD right above it which is that volume imbalance cutting through candles because we're not supply and demand these guys. So we have the Euro dollar. Like I said I would I would not be trading forex right now. I just simply wouldn't. There's nothing here that is exciting. There isn't anything that stands out as this really wonderful price action. It's just really crummy. And I know some of you are just only trying to trade forex, but I would love to be able to come out and say this is what it's going to absolutely do and it's going to be easy for I don't think it's going to be like that. Uh there's a lot of people watching uh Venezuela and what's about to happen there and because we're really we're knocking on uh China's back door from a proxy perspective uh because they're bu they're building a um a relationship for their natural resources and whatnot. And we want to kind of like keep China from being able to utilize that. Plus they're real close to us by being down there and it's getting ready to pop off. So that's going to actually have a lot of reverberations in the marketplace and you can see it really in the currency markets. Currency markets are very forwardlooking like the bond market and the bond market tends to anticipate whereas the currencies when they start to contract that means something something's in the offing on the horizon and it's usually something geopolitical. Okay. And when it's free and loose and moving around, then you can sleep at night knowing that there's no risk here. It's waiting for the next shoe to drop. That means something big is about to take place. And that's why I warned you before, be careful if you're trading currencies because I would not want to be out there and have some kind of crazy wild run like the Swissy and the Euro uh DP pegging years back where it literally killed banks and institutions and traders and brokerage firms. like it was it was that bad and there was no way that you could have protected yourself from it. That's where we're at basically right now. That's why I'm telling you be careful with uh currencies and uh pound moving a lot better than the euro. So again, I just count you to go back and look at that live stream I did back then. I'm just showing you the chart here because what I said there, you're seeing it now. I said crude oil. I wouldn't be really interested in it. Um, and you can see it's it's done next to nothing. Go to sellside I mentioned there and then hammered around consolidation. So again, watch the video. You'll see what you see here is what I basically said for crude oil. Uh, gold. We have closed in this area here which I said I would prefer it to stay open. As long as it stayed open then new all-time highs would be expected. They came down closed that in. The bodies did not close below that high of that candlestick which would be the low of the bottom efficiency. So all these wicks in here look like accumulation to me. I mean I'm I'm not certain or convinced that the gold market's done going higher. Um all the things that are there for the gold market that have been going up, none of it's went away. So to me, I just think this is a nice healthy retracement. And then this is a smaller retracement before another leg higher. And you I'm welcome I welcome being, you know, wrong in that regard because I'm not long gold here. I I I'm not in this market. So I can be objective about it. I don't have any skin in the race, which makes it, you know, if you're going to listen to somebody, I guess that's probably the best one to listen to, right? Uh, I don't have anything that's going to worry me if I'm wrong, and I don't have anything to get hopped up on goofballs if I'm right. I'm just sticking to the analysis concepts that I teach all of you. And for the most part, they've done very well over the last 33 years for me. So, so I'm I'm still I'm still bullish on gold. I don't have any reason to expect it to have topped here yet. And I think I if I'm not mistaken apart from like the other indices like there's the Dow and we talked about how that was the only indicy that made the higher high in relationship to the S&P which failed to make that higher high. So we went down and took out that low there. Again go watch the recording the live stream. So it did all the things I was talking about here. Um, I told you to have this on your on your chart and it came right back up here on the day that it caused the crash and it melted down here and it just feed off of a level I anticipated and shared with you in a live stream. And then finally back into the NASDAQ and uh let's let's go into the hourly chart. So, we're consolidating. These are very, very painful days when you try to look for a move down into the opening range gap. It's very difficult to fight it when it's showing one-sidedness and everything that I've highlighted this morning was showing that one-sidedness to the upside. So it's it's very it's very difficult for me to articulate without having at least referring you to all the previous lectures I've ever talked about where it's in all of the the banter and all the monologues and all the talking points. Those are the things that I'm sharing in terms of three decades of experience. what I'm focusing on. When do I focus on certain things? When do I not focus on certain things? I don't think there's enough people out here with the level of experience, time doing it, being correct with that many times and authoring concepts that you're learning about right now. Nobody else has that authority to do that. I'm not saying there isn't profitable people out there that don't have a a good grasp on how they trade. I'm saying that if you're going to learn concepts that I call smart money concepts and the PD rays that I authored, if you're going to bother with it at all, you're cheating yourself if you are avoiding listening to everything I'm saying because I'm giving you real world examples over live price action. I'm giving you previous price runs in advance so I tell you before it happens where it's going to go and you can study it. If it doesn't work, then I'm gonna fall on my face and it fails. And then there's your there's your litmus test. I failed it. So therefore, you don't waste any time. You're not wasting any money with me, right? So you can go on and do whatever else you want to chase and and pursue as a better alternative. But it's the it's the fool's errand to try to learn this and think that not listening to all of the dry conversations when I'm referring to certain things about a model or about um pitfalls things that you know a new trader a new student they don't want to listen to that kind of stuff. When someone has real world experience and they're trying to make themselves available to you, anyone willing to listen and they're willing to talk for hours and hours and hours in a in an area where they're not even making money doing it is because they care enough to help you that are listening and try to make money and not hurt yourself financially. For someone to say, I'm not interested in learning that or this is too complicated. I promise you if you spend time, go soon as you feel that way, go stop watching everything I ever do and go do something else. If you find profitability doing that, then you've answered your own problem and you fixed your problem. You you're making money now. But I encourage everybody to go do other things and then come back when that stuff fails. And then listen to me and then you'll have some kind of a baseline to to to grow from because you already been on the other side of the fence. So now you know what I'm referring to. There's certain things out there that are just meant for you to fail doing. They're red herrings. They're things that are meant to cause you to trust them, but they have no validity in or even direct relationship as to why price goes up or down. Why it stops right there at that tick? Why does it stop right there at that time of the day? Why is it start running at that time of the day at very price level? That tick. Why is it doing it? See the the school of thought that's out there, the traditional support and resistance, you know, head and shoulders, flags, pennants, you know, expansion, uh, uh, what is it? Broadening tops and broadening bottoms, you know, Vbottoms, all the the generic stuff that's technical analysis, retail stuff. I have something that's going to attack all that. And I want you to be at least familiar with it so that way you can appreciate what I'm using and why it makes it a superior attack on it. You can make money with bare flags and bull flags. Absolutely you can. But most of the time anyone that just simply uses that as a mechanism to get into a trade, they'll see it because they want to trade versus I'm telling you to look for certain criteria before you look for a trade. Do you do you see the difference there? I'm giving you something to codify and quantify a trade setup before it actually visually appears in price action. Whereas you can't say definitively at what time a bull or bare flag is going to form. But I can tell you what time my fair value gaps are going to form. I can tell you when my breakers are going to form. I can tell you when my inversion fair value gaps are going to form. I can tell you all those things in advance. And I've done it in live streams. I've done it behind a payw wall thousands and thousands of times in front of people that would have came out here and roasted me in front of the entire internet because they would want to be the person that says I'm going to really expose ICT. He never calls it live. He never did it right. He never he never did it accurate at all. We all sat here twiddling our thumbs and he lied to us the entire time. But that never happened. It never happened. So there's a lot of things that go behind the scenes if you want to know how to trade well holistically and as a comprehensive overview of any style of trading any time frame of trading any asset class. If that's your interest and you want to have like a universal model and a universal approach to trading sit down and trade anything then listening to me and everything I've ever done that would be beneficial for you. But for people that just simply have a very short attention span, and I'm not saying that to be derogatory. I'm saying that it's normal if you're young. I had a very short attention span, too. I had to I had to train myself to do this stuff. And it was hard. It's dry information. But I created models that allow you go right in there. Very little in terms of moving parts, very little in terms of conditions. You got model 2022, optimal trade entry, silver bullet. Um, I mean, I don't know. I don't know what else to tell you. I mean, there's a way of making it easy and go right out there and start doing it. And I've seen that the folks that have basically placed the the limitations on not looking at everything I've ever taught and sticking to what I've taught about one specific model and stay with it for a little while. Not just one week or two and say, "Well, I'm not making any money or I can't pass a combine with this. You know, I can't get a payout with this because, you know, it should happen for me right away." You listen, there's people all around the world making money with the stuff I taught. people that start with it and try to make money with it the first day they watch a video. It's rare that's happening. And it's not because it's a inefficiency on the part of my concepts or me as a mentor. It's the grossly exaggerated claims that you know what you think you know before you really do. And that's an ego kick to the balls, especially if you're a guy. Females, you they don't really have that problem much unless they're just egoogmaniacs and they think they're much lovelier than they really are on social media and they're very opinionated about everyone else. That's an ugly person. But uh I didn't mean anybody by by that. I'm sure you got a visual who you think I'm referring to. But you can see here the market is reaching up and uh another scale of minor buy side here. So we had a minor buy side here. It traded to that and they left this high and we're real real real close to it. So you have to watch and measure does it want to close above this high and if it does it needs to reach and close above that quadrant. This quadrant is anchored to that hourly dynamic range below the balance price range and the low point I gave you when we were on the hourly chart. Now, I don't have the the the time or the patience to sit here and do all these different work spaces where you could be toggling through and not having everything on your chart here. I know what I'm looking at because I've done it long enough. But this might look like a whole lot of stuff that's confusing to you because if you're brand new, you're watching it for the first time or you're trying to implement this stuff. Um it can be a little daunting and confusing. It it's distracting. So by having workspaces toggling through back and forth or having your layouts have time frames that are basically the same one you're watching at the time and they have the levels on them. Like in other words, you could have a chart over here, upper right, I'm sorry, upper left hand corner, middle and lower lefthand corner that offer the gradient levels on the things I've shown here, and they wouldn't be on the tradable chart. And all you're going to do is visually look over here at the smaller charts on the same time frame you're watching here, and you're not focusing too much on like this level here. It's already used it. This here, it's already used it. Now we're in exploration and we're seeing is this going to be accepted by the marketplace. Is the outro going to stop here because we printed above it. So we didn't even get down to the equilibrium price point and we created a rotation higher used it run here ran to another higher high. So that and again what would you consider that in terms of bullish or bearishness would you consider that bullish? Of course it's considered bullish. Why? Because we couldn't even get down to the midpoint or equilibrium of this consolidation. So, the initial at the beginning of the stream, I told you focusing up to the buy side, drawing up into the levels that we've shown on the hourly chart. Pay attention, Cody. He's the first one I talked about to this morning. I sent a little short little video saying this is what we're going to do, okay? We're going to be running up here today, blah blah blah. And then I forwarded it to Caleb because I thought he was on the the text, too, but he wasn't. So, they they're the two boys that got this message today. So far we did not print at that upper quadrant from the hourly dynamic range. And what these are, okay, think of this perspective much like I showed you when we were looking at the analogy of a rock climber. When you're trying to go up in price action, it's very very easy to use the old reference points in the market that went lower to the left. All you're doing is looking for all those PD arrays and it's not classic support and resistance goobers. They're very specific elements in price action at very specific times. So by having them, you can anticipate where the footholds are going to be at in advance. And then also by putting mile markers which is all these quadrant levels are there is nothing more than just simply an opportunity to measure does the PDA exist and form at that time when it trades there at the time and at that level what the quadrant level is and how does it trade to it does it trade to it and through it and close above it like we're anticipating we wanted to see it close above that midpoint here which was on the hourly chart. So when it did that, we knew it's still bullish. Then we did what? We went to this consolidation and said the last line in the sand for morning session bullishness. Now listen goobers, okay? Cuz you guys get out here. You jack legs always come out here and talk about nonsense. He doesn't know what he's talking about. He never calls it live. He's cherrypicking. I'm literally laying this down in front of you live streamed what it should and shouldn't do. The criteria, mapping it out. This is what it should do. This is what you want to see it do. It couldn't even get down to that. So, that's bullish. Another run here. Rallies. We took this buy side out here. We're above this quadrant. We want to see this candlestick close above this. Okay? We want to see that close above it. If it does that, everything remains the same. It doesn't mean it can't collapse and trade lower. We just got it there. So now my stop loss if I was still long. Remember we were talking about how the stop would be below here. Now because we're so long in the tooth with this trade, I don't want to see it come back down and it would be just right below here. If if I got stopped out there on the remaining 20% of the original position I went long on in the 930 931 candlestick, I would be content and I wouldn't feel bad about it even if it went and ran uh ran up into that balance price range on the hourly chart. So what have I done? I've completely removed the necessity about being right. I watched price action using my concepts, not some Mickey Mouse out there, okay? Not some dead guy stuff. This is the things that I'm teaching you in this YouTube channel. You're watching it with me over my shoulder for free. It's happening as I'm outlining it. I'm giving you parameters that it should not breach this level. And as long as it does not, then we are looking for higher prices. What's the next threshold? What's the next upside objective? What's the next handhold for price action? If you're climbing higher on that rock surface, your, you know, your rock climber analogy, you have to know what you're reaching for next. Well, we're at the the only one right before the target that I had this morning. And I don't care if this thing trades to 25,000 today. I don't care. You have to know what you're willing to take and be content with and move to the sidelines and be done. If it trades here or just below that level, it would hit a proverbial limit order. Long positions for me would be completely collapsed. I could go into the rest of the day and go get my cranberries at the grocery store and feel like there's no reason for me to worry about being in the price action or even looking at my phone to see what price is doing because that means I murdered it today and I'm content with enough. The problem is is a new trader, a new young person trying to do this, you're never content. And then you're always wrestling to get in the marketplace. Even if you do find a way to make money, you're not content with it. You want to go out there and do more. Do more. I want to do something else. I'm going to do something else. Why? Who says you have to do that? Instead of saying, "I need to make more money than I did today following a plan that worked out perfectly for me," instead of being content with that, you're saying, "I want to do more of the making money. And if it means I got to do something outside of my model, then the hell with it. I'm going to do it because I can't I can't wrestle myself into submission and exercise self-control." And I promise you, that's the reason why you're blowing your accounts. That's the reason why you can't find consistency. That's the reason why you can't sleep at night and you're watching me and you're watching every other live streamer and you're watching everybody else that comes up and says they made money because you think something magical is going to happen instead of you simply reigning in yourself, focusing on the things that are boring because that's exactly what trading is. It's boring because you know what you're doing. you know what should happen and you just got to wait for it to happen in the chart. You have to wait for it. Okay? It's an appointment delivery. Your your stop loss might get hit. Your target might get hit a little bit longer than you're willing to wait for, but you have to submit yourself to that. Just like if you go to the doctors, you have an appointment time. That son of a ain't coming out and talking to you when you were supposed to be there. He's making you wait. That's why they call it the what? The waiting room. Okay? You can make all the appointments for your success and your target hitting it, okay? But the market's going to do what the market's going to do. And when you're brand new at this, you don't know what it's going to do. You don't know how you're going to react. But when you listen to someone that's been doing it for a long, long time, you can hear. You can hear the confidence, the understanding. There's no arrogance. There's no pomp. It's just Mr. Rogers. That's it. I've been here before. I know what it's doing. I know why it should do it. And if I'm wrong, I know how I'll be wrong. And if it hits that threshold, then that means it's easy for me to walk away, close the charts, and I can go do something else. I'm not going to be impulsive like a 20-year-old Michael and come back. I got to get that trade back on, or I got to make what I didn't make. I got to make it faster, and I'm going to reverse and go the other direction or I'm going to just try to do something overleveraged because I didn't feel satisfied. Wrong. That's the wrong mentality. That's absolutely the wrong mentality. But that's the that's pro that's promoted and pushed by all these 20-year-old mentors out there. And I use that word mentor very loosely because they're they're they're scammers. They're shucksters. They're bullshitters. Okay? They make a little bit of money in selling something they didn't create or even fully understand and they shuck and jive and they give you this story. They can't even call it can't even do it live. can't do but they can talk about in the left side and they can do it over top of market replay. There's no market replay here. Look, folks. Look, look here. This is This is not market replay. It's live. It's all happening live. Everybody here is watching it over the shoulder with me live. You think these candlesticks weren't doing the same stuff during the Robins Cup? You guys will buy in in any anybody tells you, it's a litmus test. Period. End the story. Litmus test. Either you know what you're doing or you don't. If I don't know what I'm doing, I sure as hell wouldn't be out here. I would not be out here. I would not even pretend to even try to do this. But do you hear any sense of doubt? Do you feel like you're listening to somebody that just made this up on the fly? It'd be interesting to hear. So anyway, now I would chase the the stop loss right up underneath that low right there and strangle the the trade. I would not let it turn on me. This is chasing and running down equity. I'm not allowing it to come back down and run back over top of this leg here. So the stop will be right below there. So it either runs in my favor or stops me out and I'm content. And then I can go to the grocery store and get the cranberry sauce so that way my daughter-in-law can eat her ridiculously nasty stuff. My sister ate that when we were little. My mom and her when I was living with my mom. It it it looks great. Looks like jell-o. It's like, "Yeah, man. I bet you that tastes really good." I grab a spoonful of that put it in my mouth, like what is that? What is that? That's like expecting to drink Pepsi as a kid, right? And then I had my grandfather's unsweetened lemon iced tea in the glass with ice. It's like, oh, as a kid, oh yeah, that's that's exactly what that's Pepsi. I'm going to grab that, drink it, and you're like, what is that? Well, that's exactly what I think cranberry sauce tastes like. It tastes like ass. So, um I know it has nothing to do with charts or or trading, but this this is the perils of doing a live stream with me. Okay? Because whatever I'm thinking about the time, that's what you're going to hear about. Have you learned anything today? I mean, you can give me some feedback on uh on X if you learned anything today. This is my uh last live stream with you for 2025. I mean it this time because I I have all the holidays start in a couple days and it was hard for me to find something for my wife and kids to do today to get out and out of the house and I could bid you all a wonderful Thanksgiving and beginning of your holiday seasons like mine is. trade says the same thing about cranberry sauce. Get Hey, if you like eating cranberry sauce, tweet it to me that you love it. If you don't like it, tell me you hate it. I want to see how many people are paying attention. Oh man, this guy talks about all the wrong stuff. He's doing a live stream. Talk about the the price action. Give me the entries. That's what they want to hear. You're not missing anything, Richard. Richard says, "I don't think I've ever ate it." You trust me, you you don't you don't have to go adventure in testing it because it's not good. I'm impressed that my sister was sold on the idea at a young age because I can't imagine how any one child could spoonful that stuff in your mouth and think, "Let me have some more of that." But yet she did and she still does today. So, you've watched 260 handles in the ENQ get mapped out live in real time with you all today using logic that I teach as real order flow. Has nothing to do with level two data. Has nothing to do with any other school of thought or any kind of rhyme or reason as to why price does this or does that. You're just looking at the candlesticks. price is going to tell you everything you need to know and all you have to do is measure whether or not it's consuming the previous range whether it be a gap or a block of price action that could be reduced down to one singular candle which is an order block. It has nothing to do with the orders just because it has the word order in it. It has nothing to do with a block of real orders you laying out there in the marketplace. It's a change in the state of delivery where markets were behaving before. Now it's doing something entirely different and it's anchored to a very specific price point and it's the opening price of a down close candle when you're bullish. Now here I want you to let you know that because my my stop would be so close to the marketplace, I could care less if it hits it here and it's a complete release from concern. But I'm okay if it were to jump up there and run into that balanced price range. So, it's a wonderful place to be in a trade because you've scaled out 80% 80% of your initial entry would be completely already booked and banked here. If you're a new trader and you're wrestling and you can't stand it, your your your skin starting to crawl and itch, now it's gone. Stopped. You stopped out in profit near the high of the run of the day. 200 almost 300 handles mapped out in front of you. Okay? There's no uncertainty. There's no complaining about why are you doing this to me NASDAQ. No prayers to NASDAQ god. Oh, please NASDAQ, please, please, please. Why you keep doing this to me? None of the nonsense you see in live streamers. The uncertainty. You don't hear any uncertainty in my voice. None. Completely content. No guesswork, no retail logic, no failure. That's what that's what I promise here. That's the stuff I promise. There's no pixie dust, okay? It's all just real world It's algorithmic. It's scientific. It's measurable. You can keep data on it and it'll talk to you and tell you that this is the that works. And anybody out there wants to say whatever they want to say, but have them come out there and map out every single candlestick like this. Every single candlestick, why it should and shouldn't do it and let it deliver just like this. That's the only litmus test that you need to concern yourself with. I promise you, they will not be able to do it. Once in a while, they might get something on a live stream because they're live stream every day and they want to champion that like at the dog and pony show. Look at what I did today. Are you consistently every day calling every single candlestick? Can you call it before it happens? Can you outline why it should and shouldn't do something? See, that's understanding. That's prowess. That is a skill set that is absolutely illustrated with proof. You can't escape it. You don't have any other recourse except for the fact that either someone's talking to me in my ear telling me to say all these things and I don't have anything in my ears to do that. I don't have any helpers here. There's nobody sitting next to me. Just me and the pups. And they last time I checked, they don't know how to trade. At any rate, um I I hope that uh between the live stream I did uh two Mondays ago and today's live stream, I hope that you have felt a deposit of insight that is beneficial and helpful to you, if not at least entertaining. But um I think that what I shared this year, while I wasn't as active as I wanted to, but because my family life and personal things and traveling, my wife wanted to go all over the place. Uh it it kind of like took precedence and I don't regret any of that. I had a wonderful time this year. Um, I can't promise that I'm going to be doing a lot next year because I'll have a grandson in the world and I'm my time is going to be focused on seeing him grow and develop and, you know, trying to get him to benefit from the fruits of this world, you know, while I'm still here. And whenever I find time to do something, I will obviously try to do it. But don't have high expectations from me next year or even going forward because I'm at that stage in my life where I'm trying to phase ICT out and I just want to be boring Michael pop. That's that's what I want. And if I find time to be able to share with you all, you know, and it's something that I feel you could benefit from, then I'll try to do it. But I think we've seen the last of the the long long long sessions and you the Twitter spaces and all that stuff. I think we've, you know, we we've turned the corner on that now. So, if you've been with me all this time and you've learned how to do this stuff and you've made a little bit of money, lots of money, or you're encouraged that you eventually will be making money, you know, I just want to give you an applause because I make this very hard for people. Not because of what I'm teaching, but I cause a lot of doubt because I don't want everybody to know how to do this. If I can be real honest with you, I don't want everyone to be able to do this because there's a lot of people in the world and you see them on the internet now. They'll blow smoke up your ass in the beginning until they can learn how to make money and then they will flip on you in a second because they think that makes their character, their image, their brand better. When I'm on that anytime, anytime I want, I can come out there and make these 20-year-olds look stupid. Poverty level. They can lease all the things they show on their social media I own all my I own everything. Everything. And nobody's got what I got. No one person out there got what I got. And I ain't got to flaunt it. I ain't got to show it. I ain't got to do anything. I live it. Just as easy. I come out here and call every one of these candlesticks and let them march to the tune I'm playing like the pi piper. You're going to go here. Okay, that's confidence. That's not arrogance. That's not conceited narcissistic. That's confidence. That's me knowing myself and knowing price action. You can do what I just did today. Outline everything in advance. Once you can do that, then you can start worrying about taking entries. Then you can start measuring the comfort level and discomfort level of holding on to the ideas in demo. And you have to do that for a couple months. You have to condition yourself. Just like when you're weight training, nobody walks out there and does 305 bench pressing right away. They don't do that. You rip your arms out, tear your pec, hurt yourself, kill yourself. You have to gradually work up to that weight over time. Grading with real money is the same way. You can't just go out there because you think you understand something I taught or somebody else that's done a five-minute trainer about what it is I talked about and you think it's equivalent or better or superior because it gets right to the point. The point is you're going to lose money doing it that way. That's the point. If you want me to get to the point, that's the point. There's a rhyme and a reason as to why I teach. I make it longer because I tuck in all the stuff that in my opinion for the jack legs and the out there that are just absolute worthless pieces of They don't deserve anything. But they take it and they market it and they run around pretending they're so smart and they spend more time showing things they bought with course sales than what they've made with real trades. To do that, they deceive you. Where am I deceiving you? I'm out here giving it to you, calling it live, explaining why it should and shouldn't do something because it's mine. I can do it. I can do I can do that. I authored it. There's no upsell. There's nothing because people have done that. Because before I did mentorship that was paid in 2016, I was just like this all the time. Free, free, free, free, free, free. What changed? people took it and started pretending it was theirs and selling it. So, I had to make shock waves in the industry and then there it is. Oh, you you said you was never going, "Yep, I know what I said." And now you're talking about me and you're talking about me to other people and they're talking about me other people and that gets my name everywhere. And what's going to happen? You're going to come here and you're going to watch me do just like this and you're like, "What the hell?" But Robin's cup. Robin's cup. That's a week. That's it. One week. One week. It's all it takes. And nobody could climb that high, Mr. Mill. But it's fun reading all that It is so fun reading that. But I'm going to wish you all a wonderful holiday season. Don't eat too much on Thanksgiving. I plan to, but then I got to go right back to KD killer diet. And then uh Christmas and New Year's do have a pleasant, warm, family oriented, Christc centered holiday season. And February 10th will be the earliest I come back. I prom I know I tease a lot. I like I like doing that uh long drawn out goodbyes on on Twitter because that gets people that aren't really there to learn running their mouth. I love it. I love it when they start talking back to me and say, "But you just said right. I know. I'm getting you to respond. It's control. It's like remote control. I can push a button and you're gonna come back and say something. But I'm going to get out of here. I had fun today. I had uh a really nice time teaching you all this year. And I believe that what you have right now is enough. You don't ever need to do anything. You don't need to buy my books. Don't buy my books. In fact, don't buy them. Don't buy them. Okay? It's simple as that. everything that's going to be in those books. Now, you have been exposed to it here. It's on the YouTube channel. It's simple. You consume the content and there it is. If you want to know where to start, start with whatever I've done recently and work backwards. That's the best way to do it. Okay? I promise you the things you're looking for to hold your interest, if you do it that way, that will that will satisfy you because you'll see me doing it in real time markets. You'll see me calling things. You'll see me calling the markets. I don't even trade like Bitcoin. I got a lot of people sending me hate mail because they think I caused the market to drop. I have no influence over Bitcoin, folks. Okay? I know you guys are crazy with crypto. It's a whole circus act of people that trade those markets, okay? And I have very, very profitable students that trade them, too. But they're not nuts, okay? They're not crazy people. They just go and they know how to trade it. They deal with it. I've never traded it and I never would. But I'm telling you the things that you have learned on this YouTube channel. I'm not taking the channel down. I'm not taking the videos down. I'm not I'm not editing anything or deleting anything. It's going to stay just like it is. And if I can find time in the future at any other time in the future. The earliest it would be is February 10th. I'm sincerely meaning what I'm saying here. I'm not trying to be funny. I'm not trying to do a joke because we're entering the holiday season and I'm not going to be on X. I'm deleting the app from my phone so that way I'm not enticed to go in and talk to goobers because I love sporting with them. So don't waste your time talking to me. You just wait till February 10th or at least February 9th. Then I'll come back on February 10th and I'll see what you said. But uh I'm I'm really just postponing my actual exit because I wanted to trade up here and hit that level so I can see um got lucky again. Look at that. Look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look at this. Look, look at this. You know, all the haters, you know, all those that like to talk make up stuff, they're fiction, their little documentaries and you know, they're punching the air right now. You know, you know who they are. The unprofitable that's been proven they're unprofitable. Look at that. Who knows what, baby? Who knows what? Who knows what? You see that, Cody? Just like that. He says so. See that, Caleb? Oh, it's fun being ICT.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: ICT General Market Commentary  \ November 14, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEz14O23h9w
================================================================================

You all could give me a little heads up on X. Let me know you guys can hear me. Let me know you can read the disclaimer. And soon as I get a few confirmations, I'll begin. Well, good morning. Good morning. Good morning. It is a good morning. So, it's Friday. Thank God it's Friday in the long work week with not with Laurel and the rest of his angst. I I remember what it was like. I remember. All right. So, real quick, just take a quick look at this. Shush up, old man. You talk too much. The uh disclaimer here. Make sure that you have read that because it's important that you do. Everything that I say here today is obviously uh my opinion. It's not meant for you to put any money behind it. I am human. Sometimes, you know, I can make mistakes. Sometimes I buy when I mean to short and sometimes I short when I mean to buy. It's a human thing. It comes up and anything can come out of my mouth during the live stream and it may be a mistake. I may misspeak. I may say something that uh wasn't entirely correct. It's not intentional. I just want to remind you that uh this conversation today is obviously like it always is. is one-sided. You get to have uh the opportunity to decide whether or not you stay with the stream or turn it off and go do something else. And that's fine. But uh just real quick, just for housekeeping, so that way you know if it's worth your time, I'm going to cover the dollar index first. I'm going to cover Euro dollar, pound dollar. I'm going to cover gold, crude oil, and I'm going to go into the major averages. So, that's the Dow industrial, the NASDAQ, the S&P, and I'm going to look at their counterparties with the CFD markets. So for those that can't trade in our US markets, I'll kind of like bridge the gap for you in my opinion and as it relates to what I see in the futures market and what that would mean through my perspective with the US 100, US 500 and the dirty dirty on CFD market. All right. And then I'll show you um because I got a lot of questions about stock trading and how my concepts can be applied to stock trading. So, I'll give you some tips and some things that you go along with that. I'm going to try to be very succinct, right to the point because there's a couple things I want to do this morning away from my home. So, I can't promise to be with you for a long very long time. Uh, usually I give you a very facicious uh, you know, it's kind of like a ongoing gag where I'll say I can't be here for a long time and then I go for a long long time. Uh, sincerely, I don't have that today. Um, I I wanted to do that yesterday, but I just simply couldn't do it. So, anyway, as you can see, these are the notations I had from the last time we talked about things. And I've been away, in case you've been wondering. Um, I have been abducted by the people in the van. [laughter] Just a colorful. >> Anyway, the point is, I've been away. I did a couple uh road trips with my wife. We did the entire east coast of the United States. Went all the way up to Maine, all the way down to mile zero, Key West, Florida. And now we're getting ready for the holiday. So, this will be my last live stream for 2025. Um, I will resume all full analysis and whatnot. Uh, the first Tuesday of February 2026. I know it seems like a long, long time, but you'll be fine. I promise you'll get you'll get through it. All right, so dollar index. We're looking at the daily chart and you will probably hear me slurp a few times in here because I'm not going to be able to reach for the mute button on my microphone as often as I probably should, but I'm sipping a cocoa. It's that time of year where I allow myself to do that. I don't drink coffee because it gives you dementia. And if you don't believe me, do some research. You'll find it's the truth. So, hazelnut cocoa is what I'm drinking. By the way, no alcohol dollar index here. Okay. Okay. So, we're looking at the um I'm looking at a line segment that shouldn't be there. I don't know what that is. If my kids were younger, I would have tried the Oh, I know what that was. That was a section highlighting the uh the volume and balance. No, I didn't move that. So, Trading View, keep yourself out of my charts. You don't want me talking bad about you. So um dollar index we have an old high. Now everything I'm going to say here I want you to think about what you have taken notes from previous discussions. So this is where you kind of like hold my feet to the fire because there's so many times folks will come and they'll watch a video or they'll see a post by me or I'll comment on something and it seems like I pulled out of left field like where did he come off with that? And admittedly, yesterday I I did try to post a real-time analysis of looking at what I was looking for in terms of the relative equal highs. And I'll talk a little bit about that when we get into the NASDAQ. But I posted something and I thought I did. Um X kept it in limbo and it didn't actually send. So of course when I came out and said here's, you know, here's what I've done. It didn't hit as good as I was expecting it to because it was just lingering in my phone. who did not get sent to Xplatform. So admittedly, yesterday it kind of did look a little wonky, but it is what it is. I mean, technology is what it is. I mean, I've talked on live stream for hours not knowing that the live stream was killed and and find out later on that I wasted my time talking. I loved the things I said. They were great. I wish I had them on recording, but I missed it and it just went out there in the ether and it's lost. So, by me talking about the things I'm referring to here, it's very, very important that you go back through, if you didn't do it the first time, go back and look at my other analysis videos where I hadn't put that many of them out this year, so it shouldn't be that hard for you to get through it for the rest of the year. the the annotations, the ideas, the suggestions on on my part where I thought the the dollar index would go, why it shouldn't behave a certain way, what it would mean for other markets like the the averages, like NASDAQ, whatnot, how that helps your analysis for forex trading. This is the very first market I look at every single time. So, I've been away for about a month or so technically not being in here every single day, you know, grinding like I normally do. But having these annotations on the on the chart, don't just simply use my chart and say, "Well, that's good enough for me." Okay? I want you to be inspired enough to go into your own charts, annotate them, log them. What does that mean? Collect the things like I'm showing you here. By having it in old charts where you put it in your study journal, when you look back and seeing that these very things were highlighted in your chart back then and then how price reacted off of it later on, it's very impactful for your learning and it's the work that I talk about when you know when people study with me if they don't do that part. That's what I refer to as being lazy. And it's not meant to be derogatory and talk down to you. It's to inspire you to stop doing those types of things and be more involved interactively on your end because simply watching my videos is not going to make you a good smart money concept trader. It it will not do it. You have to get in here and roll your sleeves up and annotate your charts. Keep reference points on your charts and then come back to them at a later time and study what they did. But record your observations, what you think might happen. But in your study journal, you want to be very cheer like you want to cheerlead yourself. You inspire yourself like you always saw it coming and it's positive selft talk. But your annotations need to be genuine. They have to be real. They can't be, you know, trying to include every possible thing. What you're trying to work towards is understanding order flow. I'll talk a little bit about that. Also, uh you want to know where the next draw on liquidity is. So, where's the higher time frame? Monthly, weekly, daily. And I'm only going to look at the weekly and daily interchangeably when it's necessary or when I feel inspired to do so. Uh, but you want to at least be referring to a daily chart, especially if you're, you know, a scalper. You know, by having a daily perspective, it really aids in your intraday scalps, your intraday swing trading, your short-term trading definitely. But because of gap risk, I I have personally moved away from short-term trading simply because there's so many things out there right now that could cause a huge you disparity between where price is right now and where it can go immediately. And that's gap risk. But overnight gap risk is the difference between where we settled, say for instance, in indices at 5:00 p. p.m. Eastern time and then where we open up at 6:00. You know, imagine, you know, we're we're trading normally, and I mean that with quotations in the air right now, whatever that means for you, and then something happens after 5:00 p.m. Eastern time, you know, somebody drops a boom, you know, somewhere in the world and causes a lot of chaos that way. What do you think the market opening would look like at 6:00? It wouldn't be relatively unchanged from where it was at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time, right? At least hopefully you wouldn't know that. And that's the kind of climate we're in right now. And it it may sound like Chicken Little. You know, you sky falling, but you know, I'll leave it up to you to look at the things I said in the past whether or not there's any relevance to it. But I just personally that's what I'm trying to promote to all of you. I'm not trying to push you to, you know, place your foot on the gas pedal and go full boore, you know, full port everything, you know, go, you know, hog wild basically looking for every possible, you know, payout you could possibly get. You want to be very careful in these market conditions because the volatility is crazy, the uncertainty is very high and there's a huge enormous amount of manipulation. So, it's important that you are aware of that going into this discussion. Okay. All right. So, if you were with me over the last few months, you know that I talked about how we were going to move higher off of this inversion fair value gap that formed after I said it was going to form. And I want I'm challenging you to go back and look at the time when we were looking at the market down here. I called this as an inversion fair value gap before it even formed. Okay? So, that's why market profile is inferior. Supply and demand inferior. Elliot wave inferior GAN inferior WOFF inferior because you have to see something in the chart then react to it and I'm not reacting to anything. I'm teaching you to anticipate these things. I'm giving you rule-based ideas that are time based and scheduled delivered there. It's a scheduled delivery. Okay? Just like uh we're entering the holiday season. There used to be timed or scheduled holiday programming like Charlie Brown. That's like my favorite uh Charlie Brown's Christmas, Charlie Brown's Halloween, Charlie Brown's Thanksgiving, you TV special. Well, just like every child that you know in the 70s, 80s and and 90s and 2000s until 200, I think 20, I think it was, Apple took over, you know, the rights to be able to publish that stuff and you can only watch it there unless you have the actual media. And you're probably saying, what does this got to do with anything? the fact that time scheduled holiday programming really was started with Schultz's Peanut Special, you know, Charlie Brown and Snoopy Gang. And everybody knew if you didn't sit in front of your TV at that time, you missed it and you had to have wait a whole entire year. Well, markets have this timebased delivery mechanism, too. And if you're not there when it happens, you miss that trade. So, as a young 20-year-old, I I I got plagued by missing moves, and it became a fear of missing out on everything because I thought that, and you probably feel this way, too, if you're if you're new or inexperienced with it, you feel like if you don't get the very next trade, that's it. You're never going to make it. And this there's this insatiable desire to feel like you have to be a part of the next move. Or if you aren't, somehow subconsciously you view that as you're not a trader, you might as well give up and therefore you're wasting your time and nobody makes money, everybody's a scammer, nothing works in the marketplace. And you just become bitter about it. And I've seen lots of people while I was coming up have that same mindset. And a few times I actually started to believe that myself as a 20-year-old because I didn't have success right away. was it was a lot of floundering and failure and just not finding my way because I was listening to people that didn't really know what they're talking about. They sold lots of books. They sold really expensive courses for me at that time, but I didn't take ownership of it. I didn't have the ability to be responsible with my own actions or inactions. And I I wanted to look for other things and other people to put the blame on uh my inability to find success with what it is I was trying to use back then as trading. But if you don't subscribe to some view of anticipating, not reacting, okay, I promise you this, the largest money that's made in speculation in the marketplace is made on the basis of anticipation, not reaction. Large hedge funds, they're not managed by people that are knee-jerk reacting because they have to be in position before the moves take place. They don't have the luxury of you and I where we can get in with one contract, 10 contracts, 50 contracts. To them, that's nothing. That's literally nothing. They they're they're million. I'm sorry. They're moving billions of dollars in and out of the marketplace. And that can't be done on a tick chart. It can't be done on a one minute chart. It needs to be dispersed over a period of time in large chunks and blocks of orders that they introduce to the marketplace. Hey, sorry about that. Uh, this is the uh things that I always edited out. You're going to hear everything this morning. Okay, so the idea is you want to learn to be anticipatory in nature as a as a trader. That means if you don't know what it is that you're looking for, you're never going to be able to anticipate and beat those that are trying to react. And what is reaction versus anticipatory? Anticipatory is knowing for instance like I gave back here when we were trading at this candle and this one started. I told you that this was going to be an inversion for everybody gap before we even traded up into it and through it. So that's understanding what it is I'm looking for. And I put it out there in the public view. So that way if I was wrong, all of you out there like hyenas looking for something to go on and chew on, I throw you a bone all the time. If I was wrong, you can come and say, "See, he did that wrong. He did that wrong." And it's okay if I do it wrong. It's far and few between when it happens. But when it does, it's an encouragement to you because I am human. I'm not AI. I'm not artificial intelligence. And I can mess it up, too, just like anybody else can. Sometimes, you know, it's going to happen. But if you don't have a measure of anticipation, anticipate, I coined that. Don't anybody out there put that in their books. Okay, that's my word. I just created it right here. November 14th, 2025. That's mine. Unless you have some anticipatory skill set that you've grown and then adopted by keeping journal entries and screenshots. Take lots of screenshots. They're free. They're absolutely free. Doesn't cost you any subscription or nothing. Dress them all up. Put all kinds of lipstick on your chart and all these empty spaces over here and over here and up here and over here. That's where you write down your annotations, your your inner musings, the things that you think are pertinent to you. Right then and there where it's safe to do it, where nobody can judge it. Nobody can call you silly or you're a clown. You put this in your chart and it didn't do that. Don't be don't be worried about those things. This is where you want to make those mistakes. You want to be able to see these things in a very disarmed environment. That means if you don't do something perfectly, there's nobody there to judge you over it. And the worst thing you can do is be the judge of yourself when you're trying to find yourself as a trader and find your model. It's really important you do that because I hurt myself psychologically, physically, emotionally by doing those things to myself. I talked bad about myself when I was trying to learn this because I expected it to be easy and fast. And that's why I'm such a hardliner about telling you to be patient with yourself. Expect it to be longer than it would be otherwise. You know, someone else out there is going to sell you a course. They're going to sell you a shortened version of what it is I have taught. and they're going to promise you, I watched every video ICT ever put out and I'm going to make it real easy. You're not making it easy for everyone. I promise you, you're not because everybody has their own baggage. And until you sort that out. And how do you sort that out? By journaling and writing down the things that you're thinking and recording what's going on in your personal life at the same time. Are you arguing? Are you fighting? Are you between jobs? Did you get fired? Are you are you potentially going to lose your job? Are you sick? Are you fighting an illness? You know, just recently I had to go through that same thing. I wasn't feeling well and I had to take I had to take a huge step away from everybody to get myself well and I feel wonderful now. But you have to take ownership of it and you'll see that you are the problem. You are the problem and you are the reason why you succeeded. It's not Michael. It's not ICT. It's not my concepts that made you successful. It's that you went through the process of pruning all the dead branches off of you that's stealing your your vitality, your your energy, your focus, your health, your attention. All those things need to be pruned. And the only way you do that is discover what they are. Don't let don't let anybody else out there on the internet tell you what your problems are. And I'm not going to be the person to be able to do that either because you're not going to be honest with me. You could be having an infidelity uh you know escapade right now with your with your spouse. You know, you could be living a double life. You could be, you know, a kleptomaniac going to the store and stuffing everything in your pockets and and walking out of there. I I don't know that about you and you're not going to bring that to the forefront of the conversation if we met. So, that's what I'm talking about. You have to you have to be 100% honest with yourself about what it is that makes you tick, what makes you think. And you have to include those things at the time when you're doing your journaling. And that's why your journal should never be public record. It should never be offered as here look at my study notes. No, never do that. Never do that. Because by your willingness to do that, you're going to keep barriers and boundaries up and those walls are going to prevent you from being honest with yourself because you're going to feel like you're obligated to look better than you really are at your present state of development. And it's important that you remember that what you're doing right now is to make that inner trader inside you that's successful consistently and well consistently profitable. Yes. but not in a rush to get to that state. It's hard to fight that urge. I wanted it to be faster than it took for me, too. But the easiest way to get there with the shortest timeline is to do everything I'm telling you to do right now and resist the urge to do it quicker. There's nobody out there that's going to make it easier for you or faster. I promise you. I promise you that it will not happen. You all have to go through this. And anybody that says that you shouldn't do it this way is a waste of time. They're the same people that are blowing their accounts on live stream. Period. Simple as that. Okay. So there it is. That's the monologue. So now we can get into the charts. So I talked about how the dollar index would obviously use the inversion fair value gap here. Then we had some bullish buy sign and balance sell sign efficiency. And then we had another inversion fair value gap here with a with a with a suspension block. You can see the imbalance is here. It's not noted like this one is here. I'm not going to draw it out, but you can see it there and there. And then we traded down to consequent corion of that suspension block perfectly ran from that. I'm I'm away from everything right now at the time. I'm back and forth, you know, traveling on on the roads with my wife. So that's why I wasn't able to do a whole lot of much anything video-wise or whatever. And then we had this suspension block here which is a bullish fair value gap with a volume and bounce at the high and the low of it. Okay. And then look at the bodies respecting the upper half. Yes, we can travel down to the low of it which it does there and then we hit the lower quadrant on that candle. Now think about this folks. Tell me where in volume profile is that? It's not. How about white golf? Nope. It's not there either. Supply and demand. Nope. Elliot wave? Nope. P put a pitchfork there. Do it beforehand, okay? Do it beforehand. Don't go back and try to pick uh the highs and lows to make your pitchfork look like it it worked perfectly there. That's not how that works. Okay? Believe me, I did pitchfork garbage, okay? As a 20-year-old, I swore up and down I was going to pick the right trend line, highs and lows. I It's a It's a facade. It's a facade. When you stop arguing against me as the man, take me out of the equation. I'm not important. I'm not special. Okay? I'm just simply the conduit. I'm the pen that he's using. That's all. So remove me from the equation here. Look at what I'm sharing. Look at what I'm telling you to focus on. If it didn't hold up, if it was contrived, if it's cherrypicked, if it doesn't work, it wouldn't be perfect like this. It wouldn't be perfect. They form when they're supposed to form. They deliver exactly how I told you the locks would be shown in price action. There's no ambiguity. There's no, "Well, if it does this, then no, no, no, no, no. There's rules." What does that mean, Michael? What What do you mean by that? This is my first time listening to you. What does he mean? I wish he would talk about what does he mean by that. If you're looking for something that's going to be bullish, okay? If you're looking at something that's going to cause and be a catalyst for price to go higher using my concepts, what would that look like? Well, I chose to work with fair value gaps for a a lengthy amount of time in the last year and a half. Not because that PD array is the best. It's not the best. I'm not going to give you my best. I'm not going to do that. Nobody would do that. Nobody would do that because everybody would prostitute it and pretend it was somebody else's thing and still have no pre proof to that either. Okay, the point is this. Knowing what makes the market go up, there has to be some underlying premise. What was what was the premise on the dollar index? This low swept it there. And then we want to look for a lowrisk entry to a market maker buy model. Oh, so what you're saying is anytime that the market enters into a buy program, that means it's going to remain bullish for a length of time until it trades and traverses to an opposing pool of liquidity. That's the technical term that you'll see in the book. Okay. What this is is it's smart money reversal. Smart money reversal will always, this is for your notes now, okay? Will always be a purge on liquidity. Whether it be a market maker sell model, which would be the opposite of this, this high down to that low, coming all the way back up, traversing right back to that liquidity there. Now, you may not recognize this as a new student or even someone that's been with me for a little while. You may not see this as a market maker buy model, but that's exactly what it is. They don't have to look perfect textbook, but the mechanisms behind where price is going and why it's going to go there is still remaining constant. Meaning that yes, there was a willingness for traders to go long here. Wonderful. Supply and demand not a factor. Support and resistance not a factor. Liquidity absolutely the lifeblood of the marketplace. So, you got to stop thinking about, you know, where prices caused the last buying thrust or the spring lower. Okay? Forget all that white off stuff. Okay? Forget all that. It's archaic. It's simplified simple stuff. It's so easy. All you got to do is read it one time and you know everything about it. But now, graduate from that. Graduate from it. look at the the market a little bit deeper because there's a whole lot more going on that are very very precise, very specific things that repeat on a timebased delivery. When market went down below that low here, what was below that low? What what would what would be resting below that that low right here in terms of liquidity? It would be sell stops, pending orders for two things. First, those individuals that went long or anywhere in here, they're not going to feel safe by putting a stop loss that's real short. They're going to want to go back to this low here because they're going to see that that is what? Well, that was very strong support because look how the market reacted. Yes, I'll give you that. It reacted like that. Wonderful. But I'm not looking at that as I'm going to I'm going to wait till it goes down here and touches this and go long. No, I want to see it go below it because what that will do, it will give me immediate feedback on whether or not this was a raid or if it's going to continue going lower. So, it gives you a a case study. It gives you an opportunity like a laboratory experiment for the people that went through biology class or university. Remember that you had to go through these labs? Well, this is a lab experiment. every single time you're watching an old high and old low on any time frame. Why do I teach on a lower time frames? Because there's a lot of opportunity for you to do the things I teach and study and you'll find all the evidence of this stuff works perfectly in your own hands. You don't need me making videos and recording things. So, the market probes below that here. Let me move this up a little bit. So, it moves below that low there. So, it opened. Look how this candle formed. And these are daily candlesticks, mind you, up here, upper leftand corner. And just for a second, if you would please, can you just give me a tweet, let me know you can I don't know why I just feel like I got to just double check you guys can hear me. Okay, I apologize if I'm breaking up the continuity, but I don't want to be talking and you not be hearing me. Oh, I'm not getting anybody. Okay, I got two of you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, so when the market's reaching below an old low like that, I want to see it travel below it. And by opening above that low, that low being here, this candlestick opened right there. Right there. So the opening on that candlesticks price is 96.617. And then at that moment, it starts dropping down to that low. Now support and resistance folks would be like, okay, it's going to go up right there and and want to go long there. and they may elect to go long like that, but I'm not doing that. That's why I don't trade support and resistance. So, what I'm looking for is does it trade down below it. Why is that important to me? Because number one, everything that causes the market to rally high and low is always on the basis of a market maker sell or market maker buy model. every fluctuation in price action could be broken down fractally to that very premise right there. Now, it need not be understood at the beginning of your learning exactly what that means. It just means that you're going to grow in your understanding about what that means if you're studying with me. Regardless of what you trade as a model, your model, your entry, your silver bullet, your model 2022, for instance, model 2022, that is lowrisk entry. That's the part of the market maker sell model or buy model that you're trading. You may not have ever identified it as such, but that's exactly what that is. Turtle soup. That's the smart money reversal. Maybe maybe you've never known that. Maybe never identified it as such, but that's what it is. second stage reaccumulation or second stage redistribution which is the unicorn of the the models that is the biggest most explosive sustained price run that trades to the opposing liquidity of a market maker sell or market maker buy model. Now for someone that's new that sounds like a whole lot of mumbo jumbo but I'll explain it in a moment. Okay, but those continuations are simply silver bullet premises applied to that time frame that you're seeing the market maker model on. Now, take a moment and think about what I just gave you. I compartmentalized exactly how I taught you to do it if you went through my private mentorship in 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, and the final one, 2021. those same lecture notes. And for the folks that keep asking for the PDF notes, the PDF notes are simply watching the video and every time a new slide or the way the the presentation in those videos changes, take a screenshot of that and save all them in a a PowerPoint and then turn it into a PDF and you have the equivalent of what I was giving out. There was no notes in terms of like text or like amplifications. What I was telling the students were that were in the uh paid mentorship. What I was telling them to do is use the slides because I left ample space like this chart shows here. There's lots of room for them to make annotations. So I told them to take them and print them out and yes it was costly on their part for ink but it is what it is. The uh the idea was for them to write their own notes down but using the slides. So there is no PDF. So please I get hundreds of emails every single week. Can you please give me the PDF notes from the 2016 2017? Make them yourself. They're simply the the slides from the video screenshot every time that the video changes to a new different uh presentation on the display of your video when you're when you're watching it. That's all those PDFs were. There was nothing additional added to it. I swear to you in Jesus name that there was there was nothing. If you are a charter member and you went through my paid mentorship, post it to me in X that he's telling you the truth that there was no extra anything. But there's people out there trying to sell mentorships and they're lying and saying that I you know this is the thing I'm hiding from you. I'm not hiding anything from you. Okay? It's it's up on the YouTube channel. You don't have to pay for it. So by having an understanding that the market's going to traverse from buy side to sell side, sell side to buy side, and it's going to move from buy program to sell program, buy program to sell program. Okay? By expecting the market to provide you stepping stones, you know, little footholds, if you will, moving from one position to the next. It will free you up of this fear of missing out, which was a huge help to me personally because I had no real I had no real model when I first started. I was just winging it, just going, you know, by impulse. I feel like it's going to keep going up because it's gone up. So then I'm going to chase it, not knowing where it's going to go to or where it could stop going up. It's simply like I don't know. Much of what I say all the time to all of you is you feel like you have to learn it real fast or it's going to go away. You're going to miss the opportunity. And if I was honest with you, I probably wasted more time worrying about that when I was young because it seemed too good to be true. The couple times that I made money when I first started, the few times that I made money, it felt too good to be true and I was afraid it was going to stop working and I would never be able to do it again unless I made all my money really, really fast. And now fast forward 33 years. Looking back, that was such a silly mindset. But it's understandable. It's understandable because if you don't come from money, if you don't come from an affluent lifestyle, you feel like you're fighting tooth and nail to get to it. And you have to do it fast because you want to get out of the pain you're in. And that is exasperated and magnified when you're trying to learn to be a trader because it's painful doing it wrong. It's painful not knowing for sure what it is you're doing. It's painful losing money. Even if it's $25, $10, $1, getting stopped out and getting the commissions still covered, but not making any money. That's painful in the beginning. And I wish there was a way for me to to take that from all of you and prevent that from ever happening. But I can't. I couldn't do it in my own hands. So therefore, I can't do it for anyone else. You have to find your way in this stuff. But there is a path. There is a way that'll lead you to it. But it's going to require a lot of work. It's going to take a lot of study. It's going to be a lot of filtering on your part. And eventually when you get to know what it is that you're doing, you're going to filter even me, which is exactly what you should be trying to do. Learn a model, learn it well, so that way you never tap back into me because you've graduated. You've moved on. You you've you've found your way. Show me appreciation however you want. You don't have to. There's no obligation there. But simply cut off all outside interference because social media will make you feel like you got something that's less superior. You what you're doing is inferior. I promise you there ain't nobody out there that has anything better than this. I stand out here all the time. All the time begging for it. Prove that you have something more precise. Prove it. Call it beforehand. Outline it. I'm sharing all this stuff for free. There's no there's no course. There's no mentorship. There's no paid mentorship for me. I don't do signals. I don't do investment things. I don't have a Telegram channel where I'm telling you, you know, I'm going to give you signals. I don't do investments. I don't mess with crypto. I don't do any of that stuff. I don't take payments for nothing. And you see these people out here ripping people off all the time. I'm never going to DM you. I'm never going to do that. So if anybody's doing that and they're pretending to be me, you're talking to a scammer. That ain't me. So by having the expectation and anticipating that price will drop down, let's break it down into even a smaller scale. And what I'm saying here is not just applicable to the dollar index, but I'm telling you what you can do with this information. You can scale this to any measure that you want. You want to be a higher time frame chart trader. You don't you don't have time. You can't be in front of the charts because you you have a job. You're in university. Uh your your lifestyle where you live geo you [clears throat] geographically you can't be awake at that time. Okay? These are real world problems. Now, I don't have an answer for everything and some of you may be required to make significant changes in your personal life and that unfortunately is going to be a decision factor for you and I'm going to leave it to you to determine that. But for someone that wants to take a stab at this and learn how to do it from a less of an intraday perspective, you can do something like this. We we know at this day when it opened up on this price and we know we're real close to that low. So you can do something what I taught is called purge and revert. Okay, for students been around for a little while you know what that is. A couple years ago I revealed and taught it and I don't recall if I actually have the video titled that way. So if you know where I talked about that and a lot of my private mentorship students did way better job at, you know, itemizing and indexing what lectures had what at what minute marker. I mean they they were phenomenal with it. Um I I just simply like a machine. I'm just I just like a fire hose. I'm just shooting out all the information and it's up to you guys to to keep track of it. I I know it in my head. It's not important for me to have it, you know, itemized and indexed. For you as a student, it's important for you to do that. And for those that are just now beginning to start studying my stuff, go through all the videos. There's no one better playlist than the rest, okay? But if I could be honest and tell you, if it were me, I would start with whatever I've been doing recently and work backwards. You can't go wrong doing that. Okay? Um, if you if you're really trying to learn, uh, you're going to consume everything. You're going to watch everything at least one time. And the the things that are really detailed, you're going to want to watch them a few times. and it's not for ad revenue purposes. You're gonna see you you'll go back to a video and you'll watch it and you'll swear up and down that I edited it and I can't because there's still dated on on YouTube. You can't edit the video once it's uploaded. You got to, you know, re-upload a new one. But you'll swear up and down that content was, you know, changed and now there's something more useful to you that amplifies something that you swore wasn't there the first time you watched it. And that's the benefit of having three years, I'm sorry, 33 years of experience and you going through a video one time with limited understanding. It's so much information and it's dense and it's boring too. I'm going to be honest with you, it's very boring. But you know what makes it really exciting? The first time it works in your hands. Even if it's paper trading, even if it's, you know, a funded account that you didn't get funded account pay out on, the first time it happens in your own hands, that's it. that you've been infected and you'll be very passionate about doing it. But getting to that point is going to be hard because it's hard to stay motivated and it's very easy to be discouraged. That guy ICT never won Robin's cup. That guy did this and that guy did that. I challenge all of you to have the perception of what you want to do with this information. I'm the least important factor. I'm the least important factor. And if I wanted to be hero, I would do all the things that you want me to do and it would make you no more money. It wouldn't speed up your your progress. It wouldn't do anything for you but make you a cult member. And that's what everybody thinks this is, but it's not. I'm not a cult leader. I'm just a simple man trying to share something that I wasn't really fit to receive, but I'm doing my part with it. You don't have a way to get in and trade intraday. Okay, this candlestick opens right there on that day. So right away you know that there's a strong potential that the market's going to traverse from that opening price to that low. Okay? Why? Because there's liquidity and it's so close. It's called close proximity. This opening price to that candlestick's low. Close proximity. So if you are a day trader, a scalper, what do you think might be beneficial for you in this condition right here? You know, it's going to act like a magnet and draw you down to that liquidity because there's orders below that low. What kind of orders? Sellside liquidity. So, that sellside liquidity is doing two things. Number one, it's protecting quote unquote the long holders with their stop loss below that low. Who would do that? There's lots of traders that do that. There's lots of traders that do that. But maybe there are individuals see that low and they think the dollar index is going to go lower. They see all the things that's going on in the Trump administration. They see all the things, the bad decisions being made on both sides. And maybe they're bearish on dollar and they think once it goes below that low, they want to sell short on a breakout. Breakout artists selling short on a stop. So there's sell stops protecting long holders or sell stop entry as a mode of entering going short. So you can you can be a buyer or seller on a stop. That means it has to trade to your price. Just like if you're longing at a sell stop below the marketplace at say for instance 50 cents whatever that would be whatever the instrument would be. Say 50 cents is your sell stop. Soon as it trades to um at 50 cents it's going to activate that order to do what? Be a market order to sell at market. Then there's limit orders where you can buy or sell on a limit. That means it has to trade to your price or better. So in other words, what would that look like? If you were short already or if you're going short at the open, reaching down to that low, this low price comes in at 96.377. So if you put a limit order to sell, I'm sorry, to buy it back, you would be putting an order at 96 376. Theoretically, me personally, I would put it right at that low because I want to make sure that even if it just touches one tick below it, chances are I'm probably going to get that fill. And you can see it doesn't spend too much time down here. So, as a day trader and you're a Forex trader, when you see the daily chart, which is again what I teach many times, you want to look for these pools of liquidity, these draws on liquidity on the daily chart in the direction that the monthly and weekly instigate. Where is it really moving? Where's the strongest tide pulling us on that monthly and weekly chart? And there isn't a whole lot of changing of that tide. It stays in place for a while, but it's hard for you to stay on that side intraday because you're seeing 50 handle runs out of nowhere. Where'd that come from? Oh, I'm probably on the wrong side. Let me let me change my long-term bias to this now. What does it matter on a one minute chart, 15-second chart, five minute chart, 15-inut chart? What does it matter if it rallies up real strong like that when your higher time frame bias is bullish or bearish? That's infancy. immaturity as a trader because you're allowing short-term fluctuations and volatility to screw up your perspective and you get misaligned and you abandon this idea that's based on higher time frame premise and you catch yourself in all kinds of potluck trouble as a forex trader the day that it opened up right here on the dollar index you know that what what's the dollar going to do strong likelihood that it's going to traverse intraday during this daily candle, it's going to trade down to that low. And the way I teach, it's going to reach below that low because there's liquidity below it. Now, as a scalper, as an intraday trader for Forex, if dollar's going down, if it's going down to that low, that means you have short-term scalps that you can go long on euro and uh pound dollar, Aussie dollar, anything with the dollar index second in the name of the pair. That's a a buy scalp because dollar is going to drop to that low. So right there, all of a sudden now you have a real quick way of being able to go back and study things on your own charts. This same premise, even though we're looking at it on a daily chart, upper upper leftand corner, the daily chart time frame. If you see this low here, say it was a hourly chart that we're looking at, not a daily chart. Okay, same premise here, the hourly chart, if it opened, say this is a an hourly chart uh chart, not a daily chart. Okay, and we're real close to that low. The hourly candlestick would be opening here. You know that it's likely to do what? Strong likelihood that it's going to want to drop down to that low. It matters not what time frame you're trading on. It's the same idea, same thing being applied. So, if you're a scalper, if you're an intraday trader, if you're a swing trader, if you're a position trader, I'm a off internet inday chart trader. I can't do the things that ICT is doing on a one minute chart. I need a a mechanism to do this without looking at intraday charts. I'm gonna come back to that. Just relax. But you can see how these ideas can be beneficial to you. And that's why I teach that if if you use an hourly candlestick like a daily like a daily chart, you'll never run out of setups. It it it's every single hour there's something to do. Now, I want to make sure I I I remind you that that is not an invitation to overtrade. And some of you that are very short on discipline just took that and said, he just said, I'm going to trade every hour and make money. I Where's my funded account? That's it. Give me a code. Trades by Matt. [laughter] TBM code TBM. I'm gonna get in there. I'm gonna use this information right now. I don't want you to feel like you got to trade every hour. Okay. But the very very astute apt student of smart money concepts will learn over time that they can take a trade every 60 minutes. In fact, every 15 every 15 minute I can find a scalp every 15 minutes and I can sit there all day long running it up, running it up and running it up. And that's what I did with those Forex accounts, those seven figure accounts that said didn't happen because I supposedly use a white label broker. Wrong, Jack. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. Nope. [laughter] And that that's not what happened. It's using this same logic I'm teaching you here. See, this is a master class. Okay? I I had a couple companies come to me over the last few months and they propositioned me, listen, we would love to go into a business partnership with you and do a teaching circuit and go around the United States, Canada, uh Europe, and uh you know, it'd be a profit sharing obviously I would get a 60% um shareholder uh profit of the thing, but I would be basically going around talking and teaching and doing things like that. So, if you were doing that, okay, and this is the kind of like slub my nose at those companies that are asking me to do that. Why would I do it with you? No disrespect to all of you, but why would I do that when I could just do it myself and make all the money? Like, who who would who believes that kind of stuff? Like, I'm a businessman. Stupid. So, but if I were doing that, this is how I would teach you. I would start off with something just like this and it will allow you to formulate an immediate road and pathway for you to decide what does that mean for me? Do I want to be a scalper? Do I want to be an intraday trader? Do I want to be a swing trader, a short-term trader? Do I want to be a position trader? You where are you with that? And in the beginning, I wanted to be a swing trader because I had a job. I couldn't do those things being in front of the charts. And by me studying intraday charts, I started thinking I'm missing moves because I'm not trading intraday. And I got tripped up in thinking that that was the only way you can make money. And it's not. Now, for the working-class hero, here's for this is for you, okay? You can't trade intraday charts. You can't trade the um smaller time frames because you just simply can't do it. That is not a problem. Okay? It's not. All you have to do is change your perspective a little bit. Okay? Using the same thing I just did here. Now, we're going to apply a different mode of thinking with the same underlying market conditions. Now, think about what we've done here. Close proximity to liquidity on a daily chart. That means intraday the market's going to trade down to that low. If you're using intermarket relationships and it's the dollar index you're doing the analysis on, it's likely to do something like this. That means that the forex pairs that have the dollar index in the second name, for instance, the dollar's going to go down. Should be charging me money for this, man. I could I could be paying my bills. Be I could be getting out of debt. What is debt? What does that even mean? What does that mean, debt? I don't know. I haven't been there for a while. So, pound dollar, euro dollar, Aussie dollar. So, that means the pairs that have the the US dollar second in its name when it's opening here on the dollar and it's going to drop down into that low and below it. Okay? When it does that, these types of currencies in forex are going to go up until the liquidity below that low here is taken. Then the easiest low hanging fruit objective for you is to sell your euro long, pound dollar long, Aussie dollar long. Now for currency pairs that have the dollar index in the front of the name, that's USD JPY. I hate that pair. I hate the yen. Uh dollar Swissy. Okay. and they will do the same thing. They will mirror what the dollar index will do. So, there'll be some kind of a low that they're reaching for, too. But you want to make sure here's here's this this very important. Please don't miss this point, okay? When you're trading with positive correlated forex pairs with the dollar index and your analysis is being framed on the dollar index all the time in forex, always, if you're not trading with a dollar-based idea, you are trading blind. I promise you, you are not finding the success that you could have if you're if you're avoiding this part. This part here is important for currency trading because when what your opinion is about the dollar index until it's completely gone, it's the daddy. Okay? So, we're in close proximity of this low for dollar. It's going to likely draw down to that dollar yen, dollar Swissy, they're going to drop too. But the the low here here's the here's the kicker. The low that may be also something that you're aiming for relatively the same time that this is being formed. In other words, on Tuesday, July 1st of 2025, there might be a low on the dollar yen or the dollar Swissy comparably at that low, but it may not take that low. How could that possibly happen? If the dollar's on take its low, why wouldn't the dollar yen and the dollar Swissy take its low? SMT. Now, right there, right there, that has cleared a whole lot of cobwebs for some of you out there, okay? Because you think everything should be 1 2 3 ABC. The rules never deviate. There's never any kind of uh, you know, departure from what you think in your infancy and learning initially versus what the realities of the marketplace is. So having the analysis anchored to the dollar that means when this low is taken there there that is when you close your short on dollar yen dollar uh Swissy or any pair that starts with the dollar in the front of the name of the pair. Remember these up here with the dollar index to the right or second name in the in the title of the of the pair. They're going to be moving the opposite direction. Okay? So very very important. You have to keep in perspective what the dollar is doing because if this thing's going to move, it's going to affect the currency pairs that you're trading. And SMT, which is a divergence and visually, let me let me do it this way. Um, that's essentially what we're expecting in dollar. That low, this low piercing that low. That's the old low. This is the low we anticipate forming below the previous one. That's this visually here. But we may see comparably we may see a low in the dollar yen and it's getting real close to it, but it may not go all the way below. It might go right just above it and then pull away. And then you have the dollar Swissy. It might agree and go that slightly lower low. But what do we have? We have a divergence in positively correlated uh currencies. dollar index based with the dollar in the form of the name with the dollar index itself that we're showing here in chart form. This is what we anticipate in dollar. This is the reality with yen. It says no, I'm not going to go lower. And this here does go lower. If this happens, that could be indicative of a shift in internals that's call going to support or cause a larger magnitude reversal mindset on the dollar index because big money remember I was telling you earlier at the beginning of this uh live stream is that they don't have the benefit of going into the marketplace on a very small short-term time frame. they have to move throughout blocks of price action that they have to implement over time. It can't be their full positions placed on right now because they're trying to hide what it is they're doing. And they also have to use the available liquidity that's available in the marketplace. There isn't always the amount of liquidity at that tick in the next one minute candlestick time frame. All the price action that took place in that one minute or five minute candle isn't enough for all these banks globally to shove all their orders in on that one candlestick. Okay? So that's not what they're doing. They're not they're not trading on one candlestick entry and that's it. Then then we're done. But what they're doing is they're accumulating the sell stops below here and then they're buying more at that opening price. And that's where you working class hero. That's you, Mr. I can't be in front of the charts in day. Hang on one second. My puppy's right next to me. She's snoring. That's distracting me. Hey, Scott. Listen, I understand you're relaxing and living the finer things in life. Okay, but you have to relax and stop snoring like that. I'm live here. I can't edit all that stuff out. She understood everything I said. Trust me, I'm the one that feeds her. So, the opening price here, when price goes down below that, if you are a working-class hero, okay, let me get this stuff off here. If you're a working-class hero type trader or in the process of becoming one, you don't need an intraday chart. How can I How can I take this information and use it? Okay, you can have the same expectation and anticipate that they're going to drop from that opening price down there. When does the dollar index open? That's very simple. That's a time that never changes. [laughter] It's simple. That time, whether you have a job or not, your phone has an alarm clock, right? It should. You probably use it to wake up to get ready to go to work. You set it to see what time the dollar index or whatever that pair or whatever I'm sorry, not pair that that market opening price is anchored to. If you're going to be using um index futures, you're going to have to decide whether or not you're going to use settlement price or non-settlement price. You have to determine those things. I tell you always refer to both. and back testing and studying. It'll tell you which one you want to use if you're going to use this approach to doing it, which is non intraday based. But now, what do I do with this information, Michael? How how could I use this to paper trade and get better? Notice I snuck that in there real quick. Okay? Because I'm not telling you to do this with real money. I'm not someone that is positioned and licensed and certified to be a trade adviser. I'm not a CTA. I'm not a finan I'm not a financial uh provider of information. I I don't have the I guess uh authority to do that. So, we're talking hypothetically. We're talking about reading price action and studying it and getting used to seeing what it's doing over time. But if you where we at here, if you anticipate that price opening on that candle and you want to be participant in it, get the opening price. See, when we're in close proximity, like as soon as this thing they close here like that, okay, wonderful. Then wait for the new candle for the daily chart to open up, get that opening price, then you know that it's likely to traverse and go down to that low and you want to see it trade below it. As soon as it does that, as soon as it gives you this information, you already know that you can have a buy stop. Okay? You don't have to be in front of your charts. It's on autopilot. Complete and utterly nothing to worry about. You can apply this to index futures. You can try to uh trade it with forex pairs. You can do it with stocks. You can do it with commodities. bonds. I not I'm not going to say anything with crypto, okay? I know you see me doing some things with crypto and that's just simply because I've been inundated with people. Please, please, please, please, please. Once in a while, I'll share my ideas, okay? But Bitcoin's going to zero, so stop bothering me, okay? Just leave me alone. So, the idea is that once it does this, you're not in front of the charts when it's doing this. You don't need to be. As soon as it comes right back up and hits the opening price again, if your premise is correct, if you are right about the idea that you think that it's going to go down here and take the liquidity and then start the run on a smart money reversal basis, are you getting long down here at the low on turtle soup? Nope. Do you need it? Nope. Because your idea is it's going to go up to Now, here's the test for you guys that have been studying through my private mentorship. where is the draw after smart money reversal. It's a trick question. Now, pause the video if you don't want to know. If you're watching it in real time here, I don't have the luxury of of doing that, but you're going to be forced into the answer right now. So, what you do is you want to take your high down to the low that formed intraday and it comes back to that opening price. As soon as it comes back to opening price and trades one tick above it, you're immediately inside of a new buy program. So, this is kind of like a little play on words with order block theory. It's the reverse. Yeah, how about that? Wonderful. You'll get more information on the book. Don't worry. Don't buy the book. Let it go out in the marketplace. Trust me. Trust me when I tell you that, okay? It's not meant for me to make money on the books. It's just meant for me to put it in written format. This opening price on that candlestick, soon as it hits that, you can be long. But inside of this, where we at here Here we have the high and this would be the original consolidation or where the draw would be on a perfect market maker buy model. Market's going to go up here. But in your in your infancy as a as a developing smart money concept trader, you don't hold to that idea all the time. You have to have a lowhanging fruit objective. What would that be? Threearters of the move, okay? Or optimal trade entry. Because if you studied with me and you went through private mentorship, you know that a market maker buy model and a market maker sell model does not have to go all the way back to the original consolidation or opposing liquidity. That's just the best case scenario. Now best case scenarios are just simply that a scenario. They're not an absolute. They're not a panacea. They're not a beall end all. It's going to only happen this way like you think it should as a new trader. New traders think that way. It has to work like this all the time or I don't want nothing to do with it. Go do something else because that's not what the market's going to do. Okay? I promise you in the first three years of your trading, you're going to find out that you are probably 90% wrong about what you think's going to happen. And any money you make in the first three years is just happen stance. You aren't really equipped to be consistently profitable. Even if you are profitable, the first three years you're you're floundering. you're you're going to discover so many things past that third year. So if you're in a hurry to get profitable in the first couple months or the first year, settle down. This is a lifestyle. It is not a lottery win mentality where you go and now you suddenly have make money all the time. You're going to learn so much about yourself and it's good that it's this way because you're going to be much more mature as a trader. What what I mean by not having to go all the way back from this low being taken out for the purpose of liquidity, but we anticipate it being a smart money reversal to take us up higher. Now, let me remind you, go back and listen to what I said. All during this time, I was marking out all the things in here and then eventually in here and eventually up there. I was giving you mile markers. I was not bearish dollar at all. At all. It never happened. My videos have never been edited and I haven't deleted anything. They're still up there. Okay. Lowhanging fruit objective would be reaching up to 70.5 which is the sweet spot or optimal trade entry between the 68 79% retracement levels. That was the flagship pattern that I started teaching. But its foundation finds its way in every facet of my trading. What do you mean by that? For a different discussion, but here this is low hanging fruit. That means that this is all you would require getting up to from that low. You don't need it to go up to here, but it still can. Now, working class hero soon as it opens and and it trades down below here. Okay. What you can do is put a good till cancel buy order in the form of a buy stop. As soon as that low gets taken out, you put a good till cancelled buy stop in your paper trading account. Okay? When it trades there, then you use that low as your stop or maybe a little bit below it because you just want to have no concern about it. Once it fills, your objective is to aim for that 70.5 level. That's your working-class hero model. You're trading the same things that we're trading with intraday charts. You're using very specific criteria. You're not willy-nilly and worrying about what's fair value gap to buy. You're not worried about what order block to buy. You It's a very static price entry. It's very, very generic and it works. And yes, Virginia, I've made lots with it. Okay, so this this model can be used on any time frame. Don't think that this is the only way to use this because it's a working-class hero and this is how you use it on a daily chart. You can do this on one minute charts. You can do it on a 15-second chart, a 5-second chart. Everything you see here, what what what argument can you make against this whole price action, all these fluctuations? What what's the argument that can be made that it would or wouldn't work in any other time frame? It's just your ignorance that would be in the way. It just proves you haven't studied all the time frames that I talk about. And there isn't one perfect time frame. It's what's the time frame you're going to trade right now? There's no perfect time frame. Price is price. It's going to exist on every time frame. It may not be trading in the PDRA that you're looking to trade in the time frame you're watching at that moment, but eventually it will. And then that's the actionable point of entry on that given time frame. But there's all kinds of entries going on all day long. And to see these people sit on live streams and stare at price action, shaking their head, moaning, I just, you know, I don't see anything I like or I don't have anything here today. Why? Why don't you? Because if you understand what I'm teaching, what I'm teaching is is a universal model. You can go into any time frame and frame out something that is actionable. Every day is an opportunity for you to work with these candlesticks on lower time frames and develop a skill set that once you acquire it on the lower time frames. You can place that same model in everything. It's a cookie cutter. Okay. The market profitability that's available to everyone is the dough. No pun intended. You want to make dough, right? Well, this baker never runs out of yeast. I can take that cookie cutter that I just gave you here. I can press that into any time frame in any market and ravage it. I could have gingerbread cookies, chocolate chip cookies, snicker doodles, Christmas cookies, Halloween cookies, whatever. Whatever holiday I can make my own holiday. ICT day. Okay, I can press this into any market and cut out profitability. That's the power that's in your hands. You may not have ob observed it or understood it to this point, but I'm try I'm trying right now proverbally reaching in through this microphone in through your screen. I'm grabbing you by your lapels and pulling you real tight. My nose is touching yours. Listen. This is yours. It's yours. All you have to do is start believing it. You have to work with it. Get accustomed to it. Every time frame is tradable. every time frame these Yahoos, whether they come from Goldman Sachs or anywhere else, okay? PhD piled higher and deeper after their name. Oh, but I won this time in this competition. Whatever. Come out here and do it live. Call every single tick live. Call it. I don't care about Pewer trophies. I got millions of dollars in the bank. Millions of dollars in the bank. That Puter statue doesn't go do ain't gonna do anything for me. I could write books and sell books and go out and start a mentorship and start making millions of dollars every single week without a Robin's cup. I don't need all that stuff. These people that win these competitions, they still can't sell their stuff. I'm out here paper trading in front of you and you're all watching my live streams. You're all watching my videos, taking notes. Why? Because my stuff resonates with you. Whether you like me or not, I don't care. But you know what I'm showing is the truth. You know it's the truth because you can't keep up with it. You can't outperform it. You can't do better than it. And that's what you're wrestling with. You're not wrestling with me because there's no competition. Zero competition. And there's zero comparison. There's nothing like this, folks. You can't find anything like this in past, present, or future. I'm in every time frame, past, present, and future. And I'm destroying it all. Making a mockery. I'm wiping my souls of my shoes off on everything that's ever existed. Moonwalking on it all. Begging you, please just go in there and see if it isn't like this. And then you can cancel out all the other noise. There's no upsell. You don't have to buy anything from me. You don't have to be tethered to me forever. Once you learn how to do it, leave the nest. Don't come back. You're never going to see these people do that to you. They're never going to encourage you that way. because they want your money. They need your credit card payment. Buy my course. Join my service. Buy my course. Join my service. And here I am, this boring guy [laughter] with a demo account, mopping the floor with everybody. And why do they keep coming back? Because you know it's there. And you want it. You want it. Now, I'm telling you, it's a free. It's It's right there for you. But you don't need to be a market maker, buy model, or sell model trader that demands. Okay, we're going to have a huge paradigm shift right here. We don't demand that it goes coast to coast from down here where deep sell side is all the way back up to the buy side, which I told you it could potentially reach for, but I told you specifically we're going to aim inside this inefficiency. go back and watch the videos from this day all the way through whenever I was doing commentary. But it basically stopped before I went away on the first week of October. I think I probably did two videos, maybe three videos, I think. I don't know. It wasn't very many because I've been out running around rambling, but that's where I took your focus in here on this inefficiency. Go back and look at the the recordings. Why did I focus there and didn't press hard about that one? Because I just taught you practicing what I preach. The easiest draw low hanging fruit if you're trading a market maker buy model is 70.5 of the range. What is the range? What is the dealing range? How are you framing your market maker buy model or sell model? Here's the high and that's the low it's going to trade down to. Why? It's going to go there. So from that low once it trades there or through it. When it creates that low and comes back up to that candlestick that trades down to the low, that opening price is very, very crucial. Very crucial. It is a PD array. I'm not going to reveal its name, but that function frames the whole basis of returning back inside the range. And that range is this down below. That's the range. Now, when I was on Baby Pips, I did a um I don't recall if it was a live stream. Honestly, I I I I want to believe it was live stream, but I don't think I I don't think it was. But either way, I did a I did a lecture called trading inside the range. And this is an amplification of that very lecture. And I don't need it to trade outside of the range high here to be profitable. I mean, what happens if you just trade it to this high here for a minor buyside? Why is it minor buyside? Why'd you call it that, Michael? Because it's not even at 70.5 of the full range that's here from here down to there. That's a dealing range. The market has dealt in between here. So, if it goes back up inside that range, you're doing the same thing. You're dealing inside that range. So, you're trading inside that range. That means you need to know what you're looking for. Where is there an easy draw in liquidity? Okay. If you're using this model here and you're very, very new and you're scared, you have a whole lot of anxiety, you can't stop looking at your phone while you're at work, don't get in trouble at work. I I have people email me tell me they lost their job because they were watching videos, my videos at work. Come on now. I told you don't do that. Don't get in trouble. You need your paycheck right now. Eventually you won't, but you need it right now. So don't lose your job over this. Okay? But if you're doing it and you're using this model, 70.5 is way up here, right at that high conveniently. Okay? So, what would be easy objective, low hanging fruit objective for you if you're trying to grow in that and you don't want to wrestle through all the anxieties that's going to come? Well, what's the first swing high from that low? Go back. Bang right there. So, that would be your draw to initially. So, if you're trying to work out the uh the effects of holding on to trade ideas or learning how to hold to a trade, but you want to graduate to it, you casually and without a lot of pressure on you, use this approach. Okay? And also, you can blend it with purge and revert. Thought I forgot about that, didn't you? Where it runs down, takes out the low, which is a smart money reversal premise. Okay? A premise is not a narrative. Premise is it's probably going to do this. That means what? Go up or down once it goes to that level. That's not bias. That's not narrative. Narrative is price is going to go down below that low because they're sell side. That's that's narrative. It's going to go down there and then now you start using a bias. Once it does that, I'm bullish. You see the difference between all those things? They're not they're not the same thing. And when I see these 20-year-olds talking using my buzzwords that supposedly were rebranded from somewhere else, why don't you use the old stuff? If all my stuff is rebranded and you're constantly telling your people, which are really surrogate students of my own, they're mine. They're my students. They're not you. You're just getting a commission because you're using my name. But I'm teaching your students. Okay? Eventually, they're all coming to me because they find out that you're hiding my name and you're trying to say that you discover this on your own in these third world countries. They're eventually finding me. They're finding me in Iran. They're finding me in Iraq. They're finding me in Pakistan. They're finding me in China. They're finding me in Indonesia. They're finding me, folks. You're not going to hide very long. But they I'm worldwide now. And I'm still for free. And I'm here today doing it for free still. And they're learning what you can't teach them. These ideas, these premises, okay, are useful to certain degree and then they stop. Then you have to rely on further understanding. So bias, narrative, they're not the same. Premise not the same. It's going to go up to go down. It's going to go down to go up. That's a premise. Narrative is once it does that, how is it going to go up? Where is it going to go to next? Well, we're going to walk that out now. Purge and revert is where a low is taken out. Man, are you learning? Am I going too fast? Because I feel like I'm giving a whole lot of stuff here. If you've been with me for at least a year, is this beneficial to you so far? Are you learning anything? Let me know on X right now. I'm going to go heat up my cocoa because I waited too long between drinks and now it's cold. And I'll give you a couple minutes to reply to me. I'm going to run over here real quick. Pause this. I'm going mute this uh microphone for a second. I'm going to heat my cocoa up. All right, this stuff is hot. And Coco's hot, too. So, um, thank you for those that are taking the time to let me know that you're you're getting something out of this. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. Uh, I don't know how many people are watching and I don't ever really want to look at it because I get I get stage fright and clam up and I run out of words to say and get confused. [laughter] That doesn't really happen. I I don't really know how many people are watching. But if you're here, it's awesome. I'm glad. And uh if you if you missed the beginning of the the live stream, it will be on my YouTube channel. So, don't worry about it. If you can't stay for the whole thing either, don't worry about it. It's going to be on my YouTube channel. So, we uh can you just give me audio check? I just turned the microphone back on off of mute. I don't want to start talking again and it not be uh just give me a 5x5 real quick and that mean all I'm looking for is just one. If I get one of them, I'm going to I'll continue. These are the things that make it uncomfortable for me with a live stream because I I usually once I get in a flow um I want to stay with it and if I take a break or if I have to keep checking for things I have to uh Thank you so much. Thank you. All righty. So purge and revert. Purge and revert is when we take a low out like that. If you're reaching down below old low for liquidity purposes. Now, this is a very, very powerful concept, but it doesn't require a whole lot of movement. There's not a lot of moving parts either. Okay? So, soon as the low is taken, you go back three days. One, two, three. That high right there. That's the liquidity it's going to draw to. Easy, easy, easy, easy peasy lemon squeezy. That's it. That's your model. You don't even need it to go back to this high. You don't need it to go back to this high, that high, that high, 70.5 level of that range. mention for those that don't know what I'm talking about again. Let me throw it right back up on the chart and then sweet spot optimal training 70.5. So that look at that high right sitting right there. It's almost like it knew it was going to create that right. See that's what I started seeing these things that low didn't even exist yet but this so happens to be right at the 70.5 level. And you're going to tell me there's no algorithm that's going to know in advance how far it's going to run before it goes there. Come on. Come on, folks. Listen. How many times are you going to come home after work and your pillow smells like another man's cologne and you don't own that cologne? How many times you going to see that and start sus suspecting maybe there's somebody else in my bed? Hello. This is what it's like. You start seeing these these these signs that there's something that ain't right. They're telling me in these books that price is reacting randomly. This it's buying and selling pressure. But yet, why am I able to see these things back then and when I was 20 years old? How could I how am I able to see these things so perfectly aligned that goes against what they're talking about in these books? Come on. So, these are like little signatures, little epiphies that I would see and this still quiet voice would say, "Look here. Look here. look here. And then I would investigate it. I would dig into it. I'd say, "Okay, what what's so important about this?" And I'd say, "Okay, let me look back over the last few days and the last few weeks and the last few months." And I look at different markets and it would be there, too. I'm like, "Wow, none of my indicators are lining up for a buy there." None of my stuff, none of my stuff, all the trend lines I was drawing, I had trend lines all over the place. All over the place. When I was 20, I was trying to build an idea of hidden trend lines. the ones that worked. And I wasted years of that crap. Diagonal support and resistance is not necessary. Okay? I know there's traders out there that have came forward and they swear up and down. That's, you know, the their reasons for they're making the money. That is not the reason why you made money. Okay? That that's not the reason why you made money. The reason why you made money is because you took action on something and you managed that execution once you entered it. That's it. The catalyst that you're placing emphasis on is not the catalyst that caused the price to go up and down. I promise you that. I promise you that billions of dollars are not being made or lost or risked on diagonal support and resistance. There's not. It's not happening. It is not happening. But if you are subscribing to that view, okay, if you place a 40-day or 18-day exponential moving average on the time frame you're looking to trade, that will be the best trend line for you. Period. End of story. Done. So, stop worrying about what high and low to anchor to. There it is. I would love Tori to try to apply that. Use it as a filter because I love the fact that she's came out there and and says, "This is what I'm doing. This is all I'm doing." I'm talking about Tory Trades, by the way. And it's not dog it's not dogging her out or being derogative. I love her. I think she's a wonderful uh personality for the females in our industry because it's mainly a guy. It's like a locker room around here. Okay. And I get a lot of flack and people call it sing, which I had to look up and find out what that meant. [laughter] I thought they were talking like Bart Simpson, like Simpson, like some kind of reference to him. I know I'm old, but uh I I encourage people, okay? I don't care, you know, if you're a female or a male, but I I like to inspire the the females because the males are just sometimes just too too arrogant, too bloiated, and they just think everything is about them and nobody else can do what we do as men. And that's not true. My best student is a female, and she still is my best student, and she's not on social media. She's not selling courses. She's not doing any of that stuff. She could care less. We We laugh about all the time like, you know, you realize that they all want to know who you are and they're like, "Please not." I would never I would never do that. But it's it's a female. My best student would mop the floor with anybody every single week. Profit, profit, profit. And she learned exactly what's in that 2016 2017 paid mentorship lecture notes or lecture series that's on my YouTube channel. That's where she was at. She was in there. She was in there. And if we were having an interview, she would tell you that that was more information that she got directly from me, sitting next to me, side by side. And there you go. You don't need more. You don't need more, but you do need to know what it is you're looking for and how to apply it. So, let's get back to our discussion. Persian revert could be your complete model if you're outside of intraday charts using a daily chart like this. Are you going to get a lot of trades? No. You won't trade every day. But guess what? You have to be willing to accept the fact that you're demanding a whole lot from the market. Give me setups with only this criteria of time availability. Oh, that's, you know, this is what you get. You got to wait for, you know, key highs and lows. And I'll I'll amplify that in a minute. But purge and revert is the high after a low's been taken. Go back three days. Whatever that high is, that's the liquidity is going to run back to. It's high probability short-term basically algorithmic trading. There's many algorithms that fire on that same premise that this is what I'm looking for and I'm done. They're not aiming for 70.5. They're not aiming for the full runup in here. That's a bestcase scenario. So, if you're trading turtle soup ideas with technically what it is is smart money reversal. Okay. Um, I love the cute little name that Larry Connors and Linda Rash came up with for their street smarts book. Street Smarts book. I'm not old man. Let make sure I'm saying that right. Street Smarts book. I think it is Street Smarts. Um, she's blocked me still on X and I think she thought I was one of those. Uh, like I get a lot of people posting pretending to be me. When I post on X, there's all these posers out there that have my name, my face, or they slightly change my name um to pretend that they're selling a mentorship or that I'm selling a mentorship and I'm not. Um, I block them all the time, too. And I think she ended up blocking me. I've never been critical of her. [laughter] So, Linda, if there's any way if there's any way that you could uh, you know, hear this, I I would appreciate it if you unblocked me. I'm not looking at everything you're doing all the time, but it just it feels kind of off that she blocked me. And I've been one of [snorts] the biggest promoters of her book, and I think it's wonderful. She's a she's a female. She's she's she's acclaimed in our industry. Um, I don't trade like her, obviously, but I have a same respect that I have for Larry Williams, you know, and Tom Demark. Even though Tom D. Mark is not a good trader. I I love his contributions to to the community. Um I don't subscribe to his stuff like Sequential and stuff, but I thought that there was something to it back then, but these are old people in the industry that you know I look up to that they walked before me and I I I would never try to tear down those individuals. And I know you think I'm tearing down white off and all. Only thing I'm doing is reminding you that what I'm doing is not his work. It's not. And anybody that highly critical and spends any time with what it is I'm teaching would tell you, yeah, it's it's not there. It's not Chris Lor's stuff either. You know, I I gave initially a nod to Chris Lori. And I I want to be a name dropper today because this is my last live streaming for the year. And there's no guarantee of tomorrow. Uh but I I promoted Chris Lori a lot. I gave him a nod and he's made millions of dollars off of me pushing him, okay? Not the other way around. I don't trade his stuff. I did not learn his stuff. I I can show you the emails where he gave me a password in a username to go in and ask me point blank to give him crit criticism on how I could tell him improve his teaching and you can say whatever you want to say, but I can prove that I have that. So yeah, I saw his stuff. Yeah, I saw that. I said he was the person on forexmentor.com, the only one that had a clue what they're talking about. But none of my stuff is Chris Lor's stuff. I had him come out on Twitter and I told him, I said, "I'm getting ready to do a class action lawsuit against somebody else that's bad mouthing me and they're using my stuff. Now, I'm going to name you in this and you're going to get drugged into this court case unless you come out and tell the public the truth. I'm going to come out and I'm going to make a post. I'm going to say, "Do you see your work in mine? What I'm teaching is that your stuff?" Simple as that. You do this, I ain't got to worry about it. It's done. and he came out and said no and then added but every trader needs to find their own blah blah blah blah blah. Okay, so he's still finding and it it was still efficient enough for me to say okay see I told you all he said no no the man himself said no. Okay, I thought it killed it, but I felt uncomfortable because he added this little bit of caveat towards the end of it. And I later found out with other people that are in his thing, they would email him about me and then he would be doublemouthed talking out both sides of the mouth. Oh yeah, well, you know, we all figured him out eventually talking about me. And that to me is snake like, okay, if you got a fork tongue, I was wrong in my character assessment of him. I was wrong. I was wrong. I have never badmouththed that guy. never until I found that out and then I came out and talked about I will never give another person a nod like that ever again because it was abused and I've never said anything bad about the guy and in emails people are telling me showing me here here's what he's saying about you well dude if you're going to be like that you know come on and that's why he's deleted that post go back and look through my ex you can see where I say thanks Chris the tweet I'm replying to is deleted by author that was Chris Lori where he said, "No, his work is not seen in mine." Period. And if you're a student of Chris Lori and you've been with him for a long time, you know, I'm light years beyond that. Beyond that. And you don't see him come out here calling every tick and everything in the marketplace. You don't see that. You'll see him draw a line saying, "Here, we're going to look at uh we're going to watch it from here to here." That's not buying and selling. That's not entering a trade. That's not trading a real account. They ain't using AMP. They ain't using Trade Station. Okay? That's not a that's not using a regulated broker. Okay. So, there you go, kids. That's that's the that's the facts for you. Stick that in your algorithm. So, taking this one step further because I do want to get through this before 9 before Yeah. before 9:00. I'll stay with you until 9, but I I do have to escape then. I promise it ain't going to go four hours. I promise you that it's not going to go. Um, mainly because I'm hungry. [laughter] Purge and revert is uh a very short little run to liquidity opposing liquidity. Okay? And you don't need a whole lot of the run inside of the in the dealing range to get to profitability for your setups. So the idea is this. When we're looking for prices to move higher, we are entering or should have entered a buy program. As soon as price gets it back above this opening price, that's essentially what we're doing. So from that point here, now watch this is what you want to internalize from that here all the way up to that high right here. Now why am I picking this high right there? Because that's the 70.5 measurement from that high down to that low that formed. So that's the lowhanging fruit objective for market maker buy model. Before you get to that, you can use purge and revert which is the high three days back from the when the low was taken. And there it is right there. So, you don't even need this. But inside of this range here, that's let me take the larger blue box off. There's a whole lot of things going on here. From this point here to that opening price, that is the core of your buy program. That means every facet. Listen, every facet of my market, not WO off, not that stuff, my market maker, buy model and sell model, all of the pertinent details for entering it are going to exist inside that range. What do I mean by that? Watch. He's always cherrypicking. My cherries are always the sweetest, baby. All right, so here we go. That's that range just being projected to the buy side of the curve. What does that mean? If you went through the mentorship, go through the 201620 2017 mentorship playlist on my YouTube channel. Okay, that is my paid mentorship. That is the thing that people paid me for and you are all still asking in email to to join. Why? Why are you why are you asking that? Why are you paying other people to learn what I've already given away? All you have to do is take a little bit of time, go into the playlist, go on my YouTube channel, click on playlist and look up 2016 2017 private mentorship. Okay, those playlists are the very lectures that I gave live. These things were going done live in front of people and if I was calling it wrong, they would all came out and burn me in front of everybody at the stake. And it never happened for years. Every day, every week, every month, every mentorship year, gang busters, perfect. And everybody was paring me and they looked great on the internet until it stopped. And now they're like, "Uh, do another mentorship. I need to be able to look smart again." No. No, I won't do that. So the buy side of a market maker uh model. Okay, market maker model is the the down to go up. Okay, this is smart money reversal. Let me move it up a little bit. The low is the smart money reversal that takes out opposing liquidity. And now we intend we enter right on this candlestick's opening price. we enter the back the actual buy program up to 70.5 of the previous days or previous trading dealing range which is that high which is the highest high it was prior to it dropping down to that low. That's all we're doing. Okay, that's why I'm picking this high. It was very reactionary and pulsive. It dropped aggressively. There's a lot of momentum away from that high and it's easy to frame it. That's an easy high and that's the low we anticipated forming. And as soon as that candlestick trades back above the opening price of this candlestick, then we entered technically algorithmically, we're now in a buy program. That means the market is now bullish order flow. Stop worrying about these level two garbage trinkets of the sea. Stop worrying about that stuff because now everything's going to march to this Pied Piper tune. I got a saxophone, baby. It's not a flute. I don't play the flute, okay? I got an alto saxs that has that raspy bluesy, so smooth to the ears. It tickles, doesn't it? And these candlesticks marched to that. Don't believe me? Watch inversion fair value gap that was called before it formed. Volume profile. What? Yeah, trades above it. That close right here, above the inversion fair value gap. There's a small little imbalance in here. Volume imbalance. So you got to incorporate that. That close right there. Bang validates. It will be an inversion fair value gap. Now for the inversion fair value gap crowd, I see a couple guys arguing. I invented I created the inversion. You didn't create crap. Okay? You learned from me. That's what you did. So, please stop doing that. You're just inspiring me to be the old me. And I don't want to be the old me. Okay? Don't make me come out here and wreck you, boys. The the point is is it validated the inversion fair value gap. So, we'll let it run a little bit. Let it have a little bit of a rope. Let it let it run. Just like your pet is going to run until it gets to the end of the leash, then it's going to come right back. Bang. Right back down to what? Consequent encroachment. That funny weird name. I wish he would have gave it a different name. Trades right down to that midpoint of that inversion fair guy perfectly, but there's no algorithm. Then it rips and roars to purge and revert. Rallies beautifully. In the process, it creates what? Buy side balance, sell side efficiency, and a bullish fair value gap. two down close candles inside of the inversion pair value gap and the displacement higher that opening price right there it's consecutive down close candles that opening price draw that out in time it's using that but in incorporates the entire buy sign and balance sell sign efficiency so if you were going to go long and you were looking on the basis of smart money reversal entry it's always a turtle soup of a market maker buy or sell model always always Romeo, Mr. Turtle Suit. Man, that guy. What in the world? I listen listen. I've seen some characters on the internet. Let me tell you something. I have seen some character. I have never seen the level of nonsense that comes out of one person. But that guy, you didn't you didn't create or invent anything. But here's what you need to know. turtle soup. Cute little name. I adopted the name. I didn't I didn't create the premise. I didn't create the function. Okay, my interpretation of smart money reversal because I wasn't trying to teach every facet of my market maker buy models. I was spoon feeding dripping dripping crumbs slowly. But I've always loved I loved the dig the dig the kick in the gut that street smarts books title that they gave to attack the premise that the turtle traders the the millionaire club okay Richard Dennis that created uh off the off the street different people different walks of life he went and found some people that I'm gonna I'm gonna create profitable traders off of people coming in and all different walks of life not formally trained And he called them the turtles. The turtles. Kind of like the ninja turtles in Master Splinter. And Larry Connors in and Lar Rash's book makes a little snub that it's they get caught doing their 20-day breakout buy or 20-day low short breakout. In other words, what I was just describing a little while ago that this low here, traders that would see that break below that, a turtle soup tra I'm sorry, not not a turtle soups here, a turtle trader by Richard Dennis, they would be going short when that low was taken out. And don't believe me, don't take my word for it. Go and look up the turtle system. It's simple. They buy a 20-day high on a breakout or they short a 20-day low. That means the lowest low and the highest high in the last 20 days. They're waiting for that to be breached and they had less than 40% accuracy in the 30% accuracy range. But their long-term trend following ideas, a lot of losing trades got paid off and offset by big long-term trends that that's capitalizing on that. So their name in the street smarts book is turtle soup. They they they got caught in soup, which is a false breakout. And I fell in love with that. I was enchanted with that sarcastic way of ribbing. Richard Dennis's approach to teaching these these people this false breakout idea was more superior. It had a higher win uh rate than that of the Turtles. But I promise you, the Turtles collectively have made more money with that pattern than Linda did with her own trading and Larry did with their with their trading. And that's not a knock against them. I it just they've made hundreds of millions of dollars on that one breakout idea that Richard Dennis gave them. It doesn't mean that one is better than the other because there's a time when you can use that system and do very very well. What do you think would happen if you use the turtle's actual method of buying a 20-day high during a seasonal tendency that's bullish for the next six months? Do you think it's likely that's going to be beneficial for them to follow that model or less likely to be uh panning out profitably? You have, you know, seasonal tendency behind you. So, in a in a model and approach to trading using that type of uh mindset and seasonal tendency behind you like the wind in the sales, it would be beneficial for you to have that mindset model applied at that given time. But what would happen if you're trying to use that model when the seasonal tendency is expecting to see crude crude oil prices to go lower, but you're buying a 20-day high breakout like a turtle trader would? What's likely to happen? A false breakout and then seasonal tendency pull it down lower. So, uh, when I first learned what the turtles method was, because I learned it from Larry Williams because he he actually teaches it and, uh, he bought it, paid $100,000 to learn it, and, uh, come to find out it's a simple 20-day high and low breakout, and it's a trend following model, and there it is. And I was like, there's no way it's all it is. But it's that's all it is. That's all it is. and he taught it in his future millionaires confidential trading course for VHS. You hear me talk about it all the time and it's just simply what I just told you there. So that that's the model. But Street Smart's book, their name for it was just right up my alley because I'm very sarcastic and a lot of times my humor is not picked up on by most people because sometimes it's dry and sometimes it's very direct and and times I've been very, you know, offensive with it because it's part of the character. The Steve Austin, you stone cold uh Steve Austin approach to drawing up a crowd. I have a big enough crowd so I don't have to act like that anymore. So when we have the market enter into the actual buy program and again for definition purposes because I know you're doing mentorships and you want to make some money. The idea is this once you are in the part of the market maker buy model you want to encapsulate where my stuff is going to form. Where is it going to form? Not when. I'll tell you when in a minute. Where is it going to form? It's inside of the previous daily range high and low of a market maker buy model and you have to find the 70.5 level of that range which is what we already identified and it happens to be just right at that high right there which is the reason why I told you to focus there back in September October time frame go back and watch those videos go look at the posts go look at it because that's what I was doing I'm not cherrypicking I'm not formitting anything I'm telling you what I'm doing, why I'm doing it, how I'm doing it, so that way you can study it going forward and adopt it as part of who you are as a trader for free. So inside of this range, all I'm shading here is the same range from that opening price once we ran through that low and it came back to that opening price and went higher. That's validating that that was a stop hunt. If everything is true. Now listen, this is the if then statement or the syntax of the algorithm that you should be thinking like when you're looking at price action. When we're looking at things that derive the outcome that we're hoping for being profitable, if we're going long, we need to know where we're going to enter and how will the underlying order flow prove to you that it's bullish without looking at level two stuff, without looking at horizontal volume, you know, bars proving the yesterday's news exactly what happened because that's what it is. That's what you're doing when you're looking at these volume things, okay? Whether it's vertical at the bottom of a chart or they turned it horizontal because it looks cooler. It's cool. It's It's telling you the same information, yesterday's news. It's old stuff. Are you going to be able to pick the right bathing suit tomorrow's beach trip based on yesterday's weather report? Who does that? Are you going to dress for rain because it rained yesterday or two days ago and you're going to wear your rain jacket in Galashes tomorrow because of that? Nobody does that. Nobody does that. Not in the same mind, but that's exactly the equivalence of what they're doing. They're looking at old stuff and assuming that that has relevance to right now. It doesn't. Right now has relevance to right now. and you need to know what the weather is going to be tomorrow based on all the barometric pressure. Okay, so here we're inside of a range that has a high probability of sending price higher to the 70.5 level. And now we're going to be looking for footholds. We want to climb this rock surface up to this high from this low right here at that opening price. We believe it's going to start gravitating towards that high because it's 70.5 of this entire range, that high down to the low that formed. So you now you're a rock climber. You're bullish. You don't care how many orders are sitting below the marketplace. Oh, there's an iceberg order right here. Look at this. Look at this. ICT is going to get wrong. Watch this, guys. We're all in our little circle jerk right now. And Russ, we're going to prove this. We're well at FL2. We'll get them next time, ICT. We're g We're going to get you next time. The bottom line is is you're going to look for all of my PDA rays to form all of them. Whether you like one special one over another, it doesn't matter. You need to equip yourself, you know, generally with month four content of my 2016 mentorship, the playlist by having an overview of the PD race that I shared in the private mentorship. It gives you a well-rounded base, a foundation that if you just know those generally, you don't have to be entering all your trades on every single one of them, but be familiar with them, you will be able to far it out. Everything that's in my chart right here. Everything that's right here is taught in my 2016 mentorship 2017 playlist. It's it's there and I used it real time with you when making these annotations and telling you where the market was going to go. And look where it went. And look where it's at right now after going there. The buy side here. Perfect. Ran it. Now what's it doing? Those turtle soup buyers on a breakout are getting souped. What do you think this is from here to there? It's the opposite of what we're outlining. From here to there, it's a market maker cell model. Yeah, everything's fractal. Everything is fractal. That means the thing that you're looking for in price, that's your fractal. Think of a fractal as your cookie cutter. That thing that you press into the dough that shapes every cookie the same way. But no matter how rigid and how perfect and expensive that cookie cutter is that you went and bought from Tiffany's, you press it into a dough ball that's flattened out on your countertop. Not every single one of those cookies that you cut out with that cookie cutter is going to come out like each one of them. There's going to be slight little deviations. Sometimes the dough will still grab because you didn't press down hard enough. That means you didn't buy enough. You didn't short enough. Sometimes you'll pull it out and you have to rebal it up and smooth it out. Well, that's a stopout. You just you got to just do do another one. You're not throwing the cookie cutter away because when you press it into the dough, it didn't come out uniform like the last six one or last 12 of them baker's dozen 13. I don't know where this stuff comes from. It's got to be the Lord because I I'm not this witty. But we have the the buy side and balance sell side efficiency and order block here. It trades down until here. Now the wick is allowed to do the damage. This is what I teach in my my ideas of order flow. That is not inefficiencies. That's always existed in the price action. Okay. Uh that's not single prints. Okay. Statire whatever uh you know these people are go and look go please go look at everything that everybody says that I'm copying. Go study all that stuff. Go study it because that way you will know what I'm teaching superior to that. It's superior to it and you'll know without any doubts that you are learning from someone that's telling you the truth. I'm gaining nothing by doing this. I could be making millions of dollars teaching it. But I want some of you that send me emails asking me my opinion about these things. Go study what these people tell you and you're going to see what they're saying is full of crap. There's no there's no truth to what they're doing. They just expect you to have tick- tock mentality and believe, oh, there's been 50 people say this about ICT. So there, it must be true. It must be true. Okay. The bodies are allowed to stay in the upper half of a inefficiency that I call as a fair value gap. Nobody, Chris Lori included, and the guy that he will never name that he learned from ever taught it that way. Ever taught it that way. the wicks are allowed to do the damage. That means they can traverse down below the midpoint of that fair value gap. The fair value gap is this candlest high. This candlesticks low. That's why it's shaded in that blue area right there. Dividing that in half. Okay. And you get that little line to appear when you toggle that box. That's the halfway point. So if we're looking at an inefficiency or a wick, it's always called consequent encroachment. Consequent encroachment is the midpoint of an inefficiency or gap. If it is a candlestick like this one here or these two, that's a bullish order block. The middle of that is called mean threshold. Same underlying premise. It's a midpoint of a distinguished range of price action. The two disparaging uh classifications is one's a inefficiency or gap and then the other is a delivered range. It's one candlestick or consecutive candlesticks that comprise a order block. Order block theory is mean threshold for halfway points. Anything other than an order block, it's going to be inefficiency or gap. That means consequent encouragement. That's just simply for language purposes to that way I could teach my kids and that's that's why the names are given to it. I knew what I was doing with it. I didn't need a name, but for me to be able to teach my kids, I had to have a language. And that's the language I force everybody to learn. So, it's supporting bullish order flow because the bodies are allowed to go down to the low below that midpoint of this gap, but it doesn't close below the midpoint. You see that? So, all every single time it does this, boom. Let me let me let me zoom in because I really really want to drive this home. These are things that need to come off my chart first. But uh watch folks. I mean this is fun. There's no algorithm. Level two, baby. Level two. I'm on a totally different level. I'm way past level two. I'm on my own level. Okay. And I'm sorry, but there ain't no measurement for the level we're on. This wick drops down and gets real close to this candlestick's high. Now, when it's bullish, what did I teach you? The best case scenario, okay, in everybody's ideas of inefficiencies is it completely closes in the inefficiency. That means this candlestick's high right here. It would touch that. Allah Chris Lori. Okay. Does it touch it? No. Look real close. See that? It doesn't touch it. And say, "That's what I want. That's what I want, folks." And this level here is the consequent encouragement right there. We'll darken it up right there. See that? And by the way, I don't want you guys trolling Chris Lori. I'm not saying this for all of you to act like wild wolves and and hyenas and go over there and start messing with him. I I that's not what this is. But I'm so sick and tired of two or three people come to my email box every month or so and say, "Uh, you you stole Chris Lor's uh concepts." Bull crap. bull crap. I'm just being the upstanding man and not bringing out the receipts proving it. Ask him. Ask him if he gave me free access to his stuff. Ask me. Ask him if he'll if he'll be honest about that because that's exactly what he did. And tell him to share the emails that he sent to me that I can produce. I can produce all that stuff. I'm just not that kind of person. I could be wrecking everybody. All these people have all that stuff about me on their websites and their YouTube channels making money off of it. I could wreck all of them, but I don't lose sleep over it. They need to do those things. And I'm still out here untouched. Consequent encroachment. It wicks down through it. Now, as soon as it creates that that wick down here and it doesn't completely close in and comes right back up, I already know at that point that order flow is absolutely still bullish. No level two required, no footprint, no volume profile. I'm not looking at volume nodes, point of control. The control is me. I'm controlling price. I'm controlling it. I'm controlling where this is going to go next. I know it's going to 70.5. I know it is. And yes, yes, you 20 year olds, that pisses you off because I sound arrogant. I sound like I know everything. I don't know everything, but at that moment right there, I absolutely know. I absolutely know that everybody else that isn't using what I'm teaching is clueless. You are blind leading the blind. And that's the facts, Jack, because this didn't deliver all the way down to where it could have and it didn't. And it closed up there. So now I'm expecting what? We got a new wick. We got a new wick. What do you do with that? ICT. What do you do with that? You measure it. What do you mean you measure it? What do you mean? That sounds silly. Who's measuring wicks? Was it Elliot wave? Was it the pitchfork crowd? NO. [laughter] That's so silly. Supply and demand. Talk to me. Talk to me about white. I'm gonna I'm gonna point something. It's sitting right there in front of you right now. Find it in white golf. Find it. It's not there, but it's where I said it was going to be. Order flow is bullish. We're inside of a buy program. It's going higher. Oh, how do we how can we trust it? How do we know? Okay. So, if you look right here, very faint. Okay. Um, I'm measuring this wick. Okay. I'm going to take this little everybody box off for a second. Okay. So, you can see a little bit more prominently. And I've measured this closing price down to that low. Okay. I I shout just to make sure you guys are awake. It's like a good preacher would. You see the people nodding off in the back pews. You get loud on them. Bring down the fire on them. Pay attention or don't be here. It's going to work whether you're here or not. To the close and the low. I'm measuring that. Okay. Here's the lower quadrant level of that wick when order flow is bullish. But there's an iceber right below this low ICT. What are you going to do about that? I'm going to ignore it. I'm going to ignore it. Why? Tell me. Tell me why. Well, because I spent some time teaching that these things. I don't want that. There we go. Little bit more. Little bit more punch. More more visible. dollar index has this wick and we're bullish. The next candle opens right there. Now watch, it's at some point after that opening, it's trading down to the upper quadrant and it's permissible. Absolutely permissible. And then it trades down to consequent encroachment. Remember I marked that line here? It'll appear when I put the rectangle back. That's permissible. We do not want to see the body left underneath that level right here. But can it trade to there? That's a lower quadrant or the mid quadrant of that wick. This is the fair value gap consequent encourage trend. That's reasonable. It's expected to do that. But we don't want to see the body left underneath that. Same approach and application of the actual wick, which is this open down to that low. That's the midpoint of that wick right here. Can it trade down to that and it be permissible? Yes. We do not want to see the bodies left once the candle closes. It cannot do that. If it does that, guess what that means? You cut half the trade or close it if you're already long. You're talking about trade management. Yes. For free. But when I'm long and I use this strategy, where do I place my stop loss? You wait for this. Watch. Watch what's happening, folks. Watch, watch, watch, watch, watch. This wick that's diving down where everybody else would be freaking out thinking, "Oh no, the dollar index is going to crash. It opened here and now it's trading down. It's getting ready to take out that low." The hell it is. No, it's not. It's just redelivering and filling the numbers. What numbers are you talking about? ICT, spit it out, man. Here's your lower quadrant. That's as far as you want it to go. And here you go. No algorithm, gang. Here you go. Ready? The price level in that lower quadrant is 97.52. Wow. Let's just take a look at the low of that candlestick. Oh, what does that say? Look, you're going to train your attention right up here. Okay, look at that. Ready? What's the low of that? Holy smokes. 97.522. You can't get better than that, white golf. VOLUME PROFILE MY ASS. You can't come close. And I'm hitting perfect. You might as well just call me Mr. Perfect because that's who I'm going to be from now on. ICT's retired. It's Mr. Perfect, baby. You feel me? And then now what? What happens next? Candlestick opens up here. We got A WICK AGAIN. OH NO. What are we going to do now? It's It's trading down. Look how Look where it went. Look where it went. Yeah, look where it didn't go. Look where it didn't go. It didn't go to consequent encroachment of that bullish fair value gap from here to there. Why is this guy shouting? This guy's too loud. It's too early in the morning for all this ruckus. Go back to bed. Go back to sleep. It's going to be all right. We didn't get down the consequent encroachment of that bullsh that's a good thing. That's a real good thing. New wick, new range. Water flow is bullish. Rules to this stuff, folks. There's rules. main one. There's an airarchy. You're inside of this PD array on the daily chart. This is a bullish fair value. It can traverse down in the lower half only wicks. But as soon as we place one down here like that, we have now limited the order flow in a way where we can see what's permissible and what's not. The next one opens up and trades down. goes right to the lower quadrant only to the tick on such a thin instrument like the dollar index. What? That's diabolical. There's no there's no algorithm now. There's no algorithm. That's buying and selling pressure, folks. That's buying and selling pressure. There's there's no doubt about that. You can see it clearly. New wick. Great it. Consequent encroachment of the wick and [snorts] watch consequent encroachment of the bullish fair value. This is too much stuff, man. Give me an indicator. Go somewhere else. There's no Mickey Mouse mentorships here, which is all technical science. It fails to touch the consequent encroachment of the bullish fair value gap and trades to the consequent encroachment of this new wick, which is a range. We have to measure that. So, what intel has it given you as soon as that close right there happens? It's bull age. It's real real real real real real bullish. Why couldn't get down to the low to close it up. So Chris Lori, sorry. Then we get another wick drops down perfectly to the tick that nobody ever talked about. Sorry, no pitch marks there, buddy. Mr. Jason. And then what? It creates this close of this candlestick right there. Never in price action do we have another supporting event that supports that we have now staged another rallying point. What do you see here? Right. Right. When this candlestick closes, what's in place in price action? This candlestick's low. This candlestick's low. And now this candlestick's higher. So this is a swing low. Anything at this candlesticks open to low is a good buy. It's a discount. It's a real real good buy. And then we open up on a new week up here. Boom. So now I'm g have to speed this up a little bit because we still haven't even got off of the dollar and I got a couple other markets to talk about and I got to do it in 30 minutes. So come on ICT, I'm boring you anyway. So I mean I don't know why I'm making you suffer, right? This is all bullish price action inside this little band of uh trading range. So the to recamp what it is I'm talking about here, we have smart money reversal, which is always a turtles suit premise. It's false breakout. Then lowrisk buy is here. Here here you go. Ready? Listen folks, listen. Low-risk buy is always, always, always inversion fair value gap if it offers it to you, which is this here. If there is no fair value gap over here, the smart money reversal forms the very first bullish fair value gap that forms. That is your lowrisk buy. If it's reversed, it's going to be your lowrisk cell. Always, always, always, always, always. Never deviating from that. Find that in white golf. Freak it in Elliot. Nobody's going to find that anywhere else. First stage accumulation. MICAH, ARE YOU TAKING ROOTS, BROTHER? The next fair value gap. It has to have an order block. It has to have an order block. Order block. Fair value gap. First stage accumulation. Low hanging fruit 70.5 and net buy side. And that inefficiency I told you about in September and October, it delivered to it perfectly. I'm probably scaring the hell out of some of you people that are brand new. Good. I want to make sure you're paying attention. Here comes your unicorn. The biggest run, the strongest run in a market maker buy or sell model. Here it comes. Ready? Well, look at that. What do you see there? What do you see? Inefficiency. Split it in half. Beautiful. Once it clips it, does it close inside this inefficiency? No. It closes up here. You as a trader are going to go short forex pairs like pound dollar, euro dollar, Aussie dollar when it's trading right in here because the dollar is going to go higher and it's going to reach for that buy side liquidity right there and then up here. Second stage reaccumulation, the unicorn. up she goes. Now, I hope I hope that you have learned something about my market maker models. I hope you learned. I'm not done. Don't get don't don't get me wrong. I'm I'm saying that I have given you a lot right here. And for some of you that are brand new, I've created so many questions, so many doubts that your head's swirling. And the fact that I shouted during this presentation makes you uncomfortable. You're probably a little bit nervous. You probably don't want to come back. Trust your gut. If I'm not the right person for you, go somewhere else. I promise you, you'll be fine. But for the people been with me for a little while and you've been warming up to the idea of looking for market maker models and sell models and looking for the details that you can't find anywhere else, I just pulled back the veil. Sauce. Real saucy, right, kid? So anyway, um obviously, you know, we're looking at this liquidity in here, but we have to measure if this is a market maker sell model in here because this run to that liquidity we talked about back in September and October, it's hit it. Now we've pulled back using that same logic, man. To the tick, this guy. Yep. To the tick. To the tick. All right. So we have this low which is going to be perfect textbook market maker cell model draw on liquidity. Do we require perfect? No. So how do you classify lowhanging fruit? the easiest level it's going to get to in the marketing Excel mode that low up to the high and then you're going to be marking the 70.5 and we'll do it with uh circles just because I needed to stand out there's a bunch of lines on here right That didn't do it right where it's at. Just in my eyes, I'll tell you, I miss more than anything the youth in my vision because it just uh it ain't what it used to be. But here's 70.5. That means it's the low up to this high. That's the low hanging fruit. So, in other words, up here and grant me a little bit of latitude here, folks. I think I've earned it. Um the retracement back in here, which is reasonable, would be this level here. We've done did that. Now, if we close below it, it indicates that we're likely to dig into this eventually. Doesn't mean it's going to be a straight shot. It just means that I would trust that it's likely to continue doing that. Okay? So, hopefully it makes a little bit of sense for All right. Now, finally. Oh my goodness. Finally. ICT gets to Euro dollar. All right, so Euro dollar. I got to go through a bunch of this stuff real quick. I apologize. It's going to seem really probably uh disrespectful in terms of the amount of time I spent on dollar, but I wasn't just teaching dollar. I was You're basically quantifying and qualifying all the things I said in September, October that delivered into your charts too, real time. I had no control over price, but you see it in in hindsight now. And I taught you how to make models, how to use hearts of a market maker buy and sell model as your fractal. What does that mean? If you're a turtle soup trader, you're using smart money reversals as your entry mechanism. That's that's the premise that you're trading under. That that fractal part of a market maker buy model or sell model is the smart money reversal. The lowrisk entry. Okay, that is a inversion fair value gap or first presented fair value gap after the turn or the curve begins. Okay, so it's one or the other. If there's an inversion fair value gap there, you use that one. If it's not there, you're going to take the very first fair value gap and that's going to be your lowrisk entry. That's a fractal. That's the cookie cutter of that model or that market maker buy model. It's one little piece of it that you're using to frame the whole idea why you're taking your trade or you're waiting for first stage reaccumulation. I'm sorry, accumulation or distribution. If you see that form and you missed it or if you really want, you know, a lot of ammunition behind your your next setup, wait for it to deliver. Let it pan out. And then the first retracement back down into inefficiency is going to be what? second stage reaccumulation in a market maker buy model. That's the unicorn. That's the big big bang for your buck. That's the setup that just goes off to the races. It's so fun. It doesn't wait around. It doesn't it doesn't delay. It's just real quick and it runs through that liquidity. Each one of those is a cookie cutter. Each one of those is a fractal part of the market maker or sell or buy model. Each one of them's a component. You need to be aware of all of them if you're going to be using the turtle soup idea of entering at the smart money reversals. Why? Because you will have more conviction behind holding the trade because you know every stage of my market maker model and you won't be scared when it's retracing against you. You know what it's going to likely do. If there's wicks, grade them. If there's inefficiencies, grade them. Consequent encouragement should be respected. The bodies are allowed to only stay in the upper half of the inefficiencies or gaps or wicks. But they can traverse by their wicks down lower and scare you. If you don't have this logic, you'll get you'll get nervous and close the trade. But if it drops a body below consequent encroachment of the one of these PD arrays and you hold a position that affords you to do so, cut half the position. Simple. Simple. But as soon as that dollar index Let me let me I forgot. I'm sorry. Let me go back. See, this is where I would have edited and pretended like I was still in the chart talking about it if it was a pre-recorded video. If you entered long here and your stop loss is below the low here and you're that working class hero model trader, as soon as it creates this swing low here and this candle closes, your stop loss can be brought up right below that low. And now you've locked in whatever that profit would be unrealized potential paper trading profit, right? Hint, hint, nudge, nudge. So, same thing here. Once this creates a swing low and it rallies up, then you can move the stop loss from under here up to there because second stage reaccumulation on the market buy model should ever never be traded back down through once it forms. If it does, you're wrong and you want to be you want to be stopped out. You want to be out of it by then. Second stage reaccumulation in a market maker buy model never gets a stop hunt on it. Never. It never does. If it does, you're on the wrong side of the marketplace and you want to be out. I said it twice now. So that way you know that means it should be written down in your journal. Second stage reaccumulation in market maker buy model never has a stop rate on it. Second stage redistribution of a market maker sell model never has a stop rate on it. Never. it's too one-sided, it's in a hurry. So that way if you're positioned ahead of it, that means first stage accumulation, low risk entry, or you were fortunate enough to trade turtle soup long. It helps you manage where your stop loss is. And that's many times why you see me put stop losses in places where I know it ain't going to go. Why is he so confident that it's not gonna go? Because I'm using this logic. I'm using what I'm teaching you here, but you don't want to take notes. You don't want to test it. You don't want to go back and look at your charts because that takes time. There's too many football games on ICT. You don't understand. I only got two days a week. I had the same days that you have. I stayed up and went to work with two and a half hours sometimes, sometimes no sleep, worked 13 hours, came home and did it all over again. Dr. Pepper, Mountain Dew, all the worst things to be drinking. But I was filling myself with caffeine because I I wanted to learn this. I found the energy. I made the time to do it. So, please don't complain to me. Don't tell don't talk to me about what you have against you. You have what you're permitting against you. Okay. So, now let's get Euro dollar so I can get done. Gotta eat some breakfast, man. All right. So, here's the daily chart on the Euro dollar. I hope that was beneficial to you. By the way, I gave you I gave you a whole workshop right there. Could have charged you $2,500 right there. So, I would have never paid it. I would have waited for the Telegram crew to put it out for free. I don't I know. So, we have this inefficiency here when it took out that low. Watch, folks. Here we go. Ready? Sell side. It drops down. Wow. That is what that's a smart money reversal. original buy side here. Okay, wonderful. It drops down and comes right back up. The gap here is a inversion fair value gap. Why? The premise is the market went down to take liquidity. What liquidity? Sell side right here. If this forms this right here ways always will behave as an inversion fair value. Yep. See volume profile boys, they got to wait for these volume things to form. They got to wait to see what the point of control is. See the difference there? You got to wait until it tells you what it is. I'm telling you where my is going to form before it happens. The logic is always there. It's always there. Always. Never deviating, never. There's no cherrypicking. There's no form fitting required. It's the same stuff. Timebased delivery over and over and over again. It's the same stuff repeating over and over and over again. because you haven't studied, because you haven't put your time into it, you don't trust it. And that pain of what if I waste my time. If that's how you feel about it, don't watch any of my stuff. It's simple. I'm going to protect you right now and tell you don't do it. But it's going to take you some time looking at it. It's going to take you some time picking up the information. So, we have the drop down in here. First fair value gap there. You can buy that. That's institutional order flow entry drill. That drop right here rips another one here. Order block. Draw that out. Hits it again. All time distortion. And then it rips higher. Buy side and balance sell sign efficiency. Second stage reaccumulation. First stage accumulation. Low risk entry. Smart money reversal. Original consolidation or the opposing buy side. Liquidity hits it. Then it drops down. Okay. High to low 70.5 reasonable. Did it go down to it? Yes. Did it go lower? Yes. Where'd it go to that inversion fair value got that was framed on the basis of this market maker buy model? It's not pretty, folks. It's like that cookie cutter. It's pressed in and your kid tugged on your arm as you're pulling it up and then all of a sudden it's all stretched out and it doesn't look like that perfect five-point star or it doesn't look like the Santa Claus outline or the Rudolph whatever the whatever that cookie cutter is supposed to be shaped like. It's a little wonky now, but it's still a cookie cutter. You could take that cookie even though it's misshaped a little bit. You can put it in the oven. It's going to cook up just like every one of those other cookies. They ain't going to taste any different. Okay, they're still a cookie. Same thing here. market make a buy model. Now we're in smart money reversal lowrisk cell version fair value gap exist that's the one you use breaks down imbalance first stage distribution second stage redistribution 70.5 what level below these relative equal loads would you use inversion fair value at boom and now we get a reaction off of You see how all these things blend together? They blend together. Not making a whole thesis on one individual candlestick. You have to blend it together if you want the results I'm showing and what my students that are making millions of dollars. And for the Yahoos out there, oh, you only have a handful. Dude, you have no idea how many people all around the world that are now seven figures, eight figures, real money profit. Not I got a million dollars in funded demo accounts. That's not funded anything. Well, I'm talking about my students that have made millions of real dollars, eight figures in the bank, spendable. Not demo accounts, not prop demo accounts, unfunded. You ain't nothing. How much money you got? How much money you got in the bank, that's what you're funded with. I got the pictures. They're all lined up, lined, and they're all using this stuff. This stuff that doesn't supposedly work. Supposedly, it's rebranded. I'm making a mockery of all that stuff today and having a lot of fun doing it. So anyway, you want to blend what I said about the dollar index with the euro here and you'll be able to see a lot of the things are just a mirror image. Everything is a mirror image of what was called for and what was delivered in dollar is going to be the mirror opposite on Euro dollar. Quickly moving on into because I have a lot of I have a lot of markets to cover and I only have a little bit of time. Here's the British pound or cable and market dropped lower. Had a nice little inefficiency there. Hit that. This wick before this candlestick formed. This was the lowest reaching wick. So, you want to grade that. Okay. And and in here, you can see how the bodies were unable to get to the high end of it. They wick through it. It's a little bit of something to measure of like a time distortion where it can color outside the lines a little bit. But you have to do what? If you're short, you would collapse half your position and look to another future PDA to reestablish that same portion of your trade. No inefficiency here, but we do have a wick. You can grade that if you want, but it breaks lower, trades back up into this, which was inversion. I I haven't I don't have these levels on here because this is the first time me pulling up cable since I put all this stuff on the chart back then. All this stuff here would be anchored to this inversion fair value gap. And you can see I'll draw them real quick. While dollar is bullish, cable or pound dollar is going to be bearish. And you want to do this on your own charts. Get your own get your own evidence. If you zoom in here, you can see consequent encroachment. Can't get to it there. can't get through it there and the bodies are left even outside of that inversion fair value gap. So that is what is that bullish or is it bearish or really really bearish really really bearish and sell sides below here and it tanks down into it there. So cable was actually very nice in terms of uh what it was willing to do and what the difference between that why is cable a heavier sell or short or why was let's say it that way why was uh cable a better short if you look at the euro dollar look get a mental picture of this okay and then look at euro see how tight the declines were very stunted in other words they're not allowed to just really reach out and stretch like you're stretching pasta out and you can making noodles and whatnot. It's not given that much opportunity to move lower. It's real tight and stilted. Whereas you go back to uh cable, it's allowed to rip lower, rip lower, rip lower. All the down down closed candles are much larger, much more prominent. So, it's not just simply enough looking at old highs and lows for SMT studies, but it's also how much if there is no SMT, how much are the individual candlesticks allowed to trade and elongate when you're looking at one directional uh ideas, for instance, if dollar's bullish, euro and cable should drop. And if there is no identification in SMT, in other words, if you can't figure it that out in price action, then you're forced to only look at the delivery of price. How much are the daily ranges being or if any time frame rate it's not just simply limited to the daily chart but what the individual candlesticks are in difference to the time or not time but the direction for instance if you're bearish on forex pairs like euro and cable or pound dollar while the dollar is bullish you want to be looking at the down closed candles in the two so if there is no SMT and you can't figure it out which one's the weaker one just simply look at how much of the range changes are allowed to perform in Euro and cable and the one that has larger more prominent down close candles that's indicating that that's the one that's the weaker one. So the next sellside opportunity that you can draw down into use the first premium rate it forms and get short there and just ride it out. All right. So that's the business there. Um I was asked about crude oil. I don't do much with crude oil to be honest with you. Um and I wouldn't do anything with it right now. There's nothing in here that I see as a viable setup. Um, it's just in the middle of an area where I wouldn't be participating. If it if it did a displacement lower again, like say it broke this low here, I would take the very first fair value gap that forms and make a run for these relative cool lows. That's that's the only thing I would be willing to do right now. Uh, anything on the upside, I just don't I'm not interested in that. wouldn't take anything on it, but I would want to see some kind of displacement lower as long as it doesn't take out that low yet. So, displacement lower the first pair you got that forms. I would venture to study it, okay? Let's say it that way. I don't want to encourage you to take a shorten if you get hurt and you come back and yell at me, but that's what I would see as a setup that would potentially be there for me if I were forced. I had a gun in my head saying trade crude oil or do nothing. You can't breathe. you you can't exist without doing this. Okay. Well, I would wait for a displacement lower fair value gap short that has to form the fair value gap has to form above this low and then I would aim for that low right there and that would be it. I'd be done. So, that's that's my opinion on crude oil. Uh gold and I apologize if I'm if I'm going too far too fast, whatnot. Um gold boys over there on the exchange saw my post. Here we go. All right. So, if you look at the X post I made, um, people were asking me what my opinion was about gold. This inefficiency here, I had, let me move so you can see it. I said if left unfilled, new all-time highs were likely. So, I would have preferred it not to trade down in here. So, because it has done that, we may have a deeper retracement in in in mind, which is why I was telling you when we were over here to consider taking some profits on gold and then we went all the way down here. We're inside this inefficiency. Yes, it offered a little bit, but it only went up into this sell side and bounce side efficiency. It wicked through it a little bit, and that was simply using the quadrants here. So, this wick, let me let me take this off just for a second so you can see what I'm doing. that wick is longer than that one. You see that? Let me take this, move it over here a little bit. Can you see and agree that this wick on this candlestick right here is longer than this one? That's why I'm picking this one. Okay. And now, what's the useful information it's providing? Let me go back and show you. When price was down here, it can trade up into this inefficiency, but it if it wants to trade beyond that, now this is what you want to have in your notes for um when you're having imbalances like bearish fair. gaps or bullish fair value gaps. Even the uh suspension blocks if the block is formed or the inefficiency rather is formed on a wick, not a stubbyended candlestick body. And what would that look like? Something like this. That's a stubby-ended bottom candle or it could be the opening and low being the same price. That's not what we're seeing on this candlestick here or this candlestick. You see that? It's it's a wick on both instances right there, here, and here. What I do is when I'm below that and if it can trade up into this inefficiency that's it's defined with that volume imbalance. You see that? That's why I'm using that area there up to this candlestick's low. That's simply the bearish fair value gap. But if it's formed with wicks, this wick clearly says it's it's formed on a wick. And then if there's a wick to the left of that that is in the same range that this is being shared in, this wick is not the importance. This wick is the importance. So you want to grade that. Okay. And then this candlestick's upper quadrant level comes in at highs. I'm sorry 4249.9. And the high of that candlestick comes in at 4250. So one one tenth of a point. That's that's real good folks. That's real real good. I'm certain that Whiteoff probably had that and Elliot wave had it probably in their books too. But then the market goes lower and then we hit the lower quadrant right here. The high of that candlestick comes in at 4215.1. And what is that price? 4214.0. zero. That's pretty tight. And we're looking at daily ranges. So, it's it's very very tight on a very highly manipulated market right now at the time. And then price came back down into the range. I preferred if it were going to stay open like this, then higher prices and trade back up here. But now, because we traded back in here, that right there immediately removes my initial willingness to want to see higher prices. And I would be more inclined to wait and see if it wants to clear up any of this here. Otherwise, there's nothing in here that it needs to trade back into. No, no PD rays of importance that I like. Um, it could hit the order block opening of this candlestick candle um price, which would be this change in state delivery. That would be the last line of defense. If it were to trade down and close below that, then we're probably looking for, you know, a drop below here for sellside. And there's a small little inefficiency right in here. If it were to do that on an exaggerated basis, it could down get down into there. All right. So what else? I covered that gold, uh, crude oil. I covered the forex pairs, dollar index. I gave the lecture. All right. And now Bitcoin. I I don't trade this stuff, folks. And I see some people making reference that I'm I'm charting it on Bitstamp. I don't know what exchange to do it on. I've always simply used this one. Okay? And if there's a better way to do it, I don't care because I'm not going to trade it. But uh there's your uh your Bitcoin. And I gave you the the inefficiency and I'm getting a lot of hate mail. I guess they think that I'm talking it down. I'm I'm not talking it down, folks. I don't trade this stuff. I don't participate in it. I have no skin in the race. Zero. But I know there's a lot of my students that I guess they want to arm wrestle me. And I'm not in here trying to arm wrestle my students. I'm just being honest. I don't do it all the time, but when I feel inclined to talk about it, there's usually a significant price move. And I told you right here that, you know, it's going to explore below 100,000. And the technical reasons are all here. And then the one I showed you on the lower time frames. And this inefficiency here certainly looks like it's trying to get down to it. Okay, I'm not causing this to go down. So, please don't get mad at me, please don't send me death threats. I'm not worried about it. I have a lot of brass friends and I'm not causing it to go down. So, if you're a brand new trader and you're losing money or if you're a present trader that's been made maybe made a lot of money and you're looking at how many people follow me and you think that that has influence, I might have influence, but I'm not causing it to go down because there's no buying and selling pressure. Okay? I don't believe in that. So you can sleep at night knowing that I'm not causing the market to go down. I'm just predicting that it will and that's all. That's it. And I I've been wrong a couple times with Bitcoin. I still think it's going to go to zero. And I mean that 100% 100% mean that it is going to go to a point where it's no longer there. Just like pork bellies, you can't trade them anymore. Bitcoin is going to be like that. It may not happen in my life. I'm 54 coming up in 2026. Not I'm not promised tomorrow, but eventually I don't think Bitcoin's going to be around. And you can argue with me all you want. I don't care. I I don't care. I I I don't I don't I don't care ultimately. Okay? You can give me all the reasons why because you are emotionally and psychologically and and financially invested. I'm not. So I'm I'm objective about it. I don't have any no fear of being wrong and I don't have anything if I'm right. So I'm not trying to talk it down and using influence to make money because I'm short secretly. I'm not. So, I I really want you to understand it because a lot of the crypto bunch is really really crazy. Like they not as bad as they used to be, but some of them are just really fanatical and they assumed that I'm trying to create fear, uncertainty, and doubt. What's it called? FUD. I'm not trying to do that at all. I I I just know that this is a circus act type of market. It's extremely exaggerated. And the few times that I've talked about it, I've I've called some pretty nice pretty nice moves. Um, I said that it would probably talk top out around 127. Worst case scenario, but in mentorship, they can all come forward and tell me I'm a liar if I didn't do it. There's receipts. All they got to do is screen screenshot it and come forward and say this is what he really said. But I said Bitcoin can go 125, 126ish, worst case scenario, 127. There it is. And that's pretty much what it go to. Uh what is that? 126.272. Okay. So behind a pay wall, that's what I that's what I told students. That's that's the highest worst case scenario. That's what it would do. And I said there would be a large pool of liquidity at around 75,000. That was sellside. And that was your last real good buy. 74,434 and then we had that. Okay. And I put that on Twitter. You can see that. So, and it is what it is. Like I said, I don't talk much about it, but when there's a whole lot of potential of a move, then I will. And it's not because I want you to get rich or deny you of profits if you're doing the opposite of me. I'm trying to protect you. That's all. That's all I'm doing. I can just see when there's a great deal of manipulation that's available to them that make these markets. I I would feel bad if I didn't talk about it because for years I watched it go on and even before I stepped out on Baby Pips, I watched these people on Baby Pips pretend to know what they're talking about and they had no idea what they're talking about. And when I stepped out there and said, "This is what really goes on." That's why I got popular as fast as I did because what I would say happened and they saw it and I was really consistent with it. And when you have people in this industry that are trying to find their position or status or carve out an identity for themselves because they want to sell something. Um, you know, people like me, I'm going to catch a lot of that. And it's why the expression is heavy is the head that wears the crown. I don't consider myself the king. I don't I don't act like the king. Uh, but I do instigate a lot of conversation. And sometimes the things I say are inflammatory for the purpose of for conversation. I want exchanges of ideas. And I'm not afraid of people saying what I do or don't do is not the right thing because the conversation still invites new conversation. And people come to me like this where it's free. I'm not making any money off of it. I'm talking to you on Twitter spaces where I'm not monetized. I invite all of you to take my stuff and put it on your channel. Not my lectures, but all the the Twitter spaces. Um, you're welcome to take that stuff and put music behind it. Some of them are really done well. Like I'm It sounds like Alan Watts stuff, which is crazy. But the idea of uh backlash I get I don't lose any sleep over it. You shouldn't don't feel like you have to defend me, okay? Find your own evidence and what I what I teach and then laugh at them. If they if they come at me hard, just laugh at them. Just understand that they have emotional reasons for them to do what they're doing. And many times it's emotional and financial because I'm probably hurting their business by me doing what I'm doing. People are flocking to me where they can get it for free. And I have students that have their own little boutique shop of what they do. And I hold respect for them because they don't bite me back. Even though I say what I'm saying here, they could cringe and say, "Man, shut up, I trying to do this." I'm not coming at any of them. I'm not coming at any of them because they don't come at me and say blah blah blah. But there's been a few of them, Omar. They uh they're trying so desperately to try to find a way to stand apart and they can't come outside the shadow. It's too big. And it's not necessary. Just bloom where you're planted. You don't have to you don't have to be bigger than what you are. Just be content with who you are. And if you can do that and live well in your own skin, you won't have all the baggage that comes with problematic trading because all that stuff does is bogs you down. You worry about all these things, these superficial things that have no bearing on what it is that's going to make you money. And if you're in this industry, you should only be here to make money. Everything else is a distraction. Everything else, if you're not learning from someone that's going to invest in you insight that's gainful, profitable, and proven to work, then you're wasting your time. And all I am asking you to do is just weigh out whether or not what does I'm what am I doing? Am I wasting your time or am I giving you something that works? I don't know. You tell me. So, let's go to DAO. I don't usually talk about the dirty 30 much, but I do have to get through this because I'm five minutes past my deadline. I promise you it's not going to go four hours. I promise you. And I know you're probably thinking I'm going to, but I'm not. And my cup of cocoa is cold. [laughter] All right. So, here is the daily chart of the Dow index. Okay. And for for the ideas of usefulness, what is the point of me even bringing up the uh the dollar index? I'm sorry, D industrial average at all. I treat I treat it like the dollar index. That's why I said it. Uh, I misalled it as a dollar just a second because it's used as like a barometer for me. As an index trader, um, I'm predominantly interested in the NASDAQ only because it's exaggerated. All of its price moves are exaggerated because it's thinner than the S&P. S&P big boy. There's a whole lot of stocks in that average versus the hundred that makes up the composite index for NASDAQ. So you have 500 blue chip stocks that make up the S&P 500. So when that moves, it's a better barometer of the breadth of the market. That means how much real buying is taking place in the marketplace can be better measured with the I guess the participation of the S&P moving up or down in in concert with what the idea of bullish or bearish is. Now with that same idea and thinking what do you think that would mean for the Dow index the Dow Dow industrial average rather it's only comprised of 30 stocks. So you know if you only have a a composite index of 30 issues in in the stock market one stock could make this average go crazy. One stock can cause it to go way up. And if a few of them out of the 30 go up, it's going to be wildly out of character for the other averages. So that's why I I I don't trade this one because it can be a little wild, a little unruly. Okay. Um the Dow's kind of like that girl that you couldn't get at the end of the bar, but the other one at the other side of the bar that no one's talked to, you've had a little too much to drink, but you don't want to go home. That's the one you're going to ask out because you're probably going to get it no problem. That's what she is. She's the dirty 30. Um she's the white knight. She's a one night stand. She's not You're not going to take her home to to meet mom. Okay, ladies and you know, you're not going to you're not introducing this guy to your parents, okay? But you're just going to go in there and look for a short-term fling, okay? Real quick, scalp, get out, and done. That's my perspective. That's the analogy I've always maintained with it. It's just a simple usefulness for intermarket relationships like I want to see it for Dow Dow uh theory you know supporting the idea of uh whether or not the market breath is in fact good across all averages but I have the least affinity or importance placed on the Dow. So if the market, let me make it very clean and clear for you. If the market does something like this, um say we're in a bullish market uh condition and this is the Dow. Okay, we have a load that's been taken out and say the S&P comparably does this and the NASDAQ does that. If this is the Dow in the middle, S&P above it and the NASDAQ is lower. In the time I'm expecting the market to be bullish, okay, the S&P has more stocks in it than the Dow and the NASDAQ. So by sheer brute force of how many contracts or not contracts but companies that are in the average or index that makes the S&P up. If it fails to make that lower low here while the Dow does make a lower low and the NASDAQ makes a lower low. This is by theory Dow theory is the basis of SMT. All I did was incorporate that idea in some ideas I got from Larry Williams. And I've always said this. I didn't invent SMT. I just named it because it's it's like a smart money concept or technique or tool. And it's always I've never settled on what the T stands for. It's always been interchangeably technique or tool because that part isn't it's not mine. I never claimed ownership of it. I didn't I didn't care about it that much. And sometimes it's useful and sometimes it's not. But when the underlying premise is there for the market to be bullish and you get a criteria like this, that really many times signals the low. And that would be basically a turtle soup long below that low for Dow, a turtle soup long below that low for NASDAQ. And this is simply just an optimal trade entry for the S&P. the crack in correlation meaning at a time when they all do not agree when it's already bullish when this failed low below that low in other words this is a divergence between these respective lows if the S&P is doing this then we're really bullish if the premise is underlying bullish too and what would that look like remember what I was showing you with the dollar index on the daily chart and I showed you how to frame the the dealing range it's in and then Once that low was taken out, we entered this range that is the beginning and framework of a buy program when everything for my market maker buy model is going to form. All facets of it, the lowrisk entry, reaccumulation, second stage reaccumulation, all of those are going to be inside that range inside that little range of price action when the buy program should manifest all the facets of a buy model or sell model if it's bearish. If you see this criteria in price action, it further presses the the uh the envelope of how fast and how hard it's going to go up because it's really indicating on all checkpoints that it's going to go up. Now, I do not, this is really important, I do not share the same affinity for being wildly bullish if this one is the Dow and this is NASDAQ and this is S&P or vice versa. If the diverging average is the Dow, I don't care. There's many times where you'll see a divergence in the Dow and you might look at that and say, "Oh, it's it's a SMT divergence and it's going to cause all the averages to change." I have lost a lot of money trying to do that initially and I've learned by lesson of money leaving my hands that the greater importance is placed on the S&P most than the NASDAQ. I will take a S&T divergence or Dow theory, you know, converg all the averages being confirmed with one another. In a perfect world, every low should be matched with the Dow, the Nasdaq, and the S&P. But there are times when one of those averages diverge. And the importance I'm trying to place on an emphasis on is if the divergence like this is forming when you're bullish and this is the S&P, that's kind of like a a loaded deal. If it's the NASDAQ, I have affinity for that one, but it would be better if it would have been on the S&P. Sometimes both the S&P and the NASDAQ fail to do that. And the Dow will make that lower low. Does that mean the Dow is telling you it's weaker? Some of my students erroneously have thought that because they're rushing to believe just because there's a divergence or supposed divergence in the averages, they think that that's enough information. It's not. So hopefully I've I've corrected you and rec-alibrated your expectations as it relates to S&T or looking at the averages in this capacity. All right. So let's get this off. All right. So where come on now. All right. So right away let's assume for a moment that we're we're in some kind of a deeper retracement. And we might be folks. Um the Dow looks real clean right there. You see that? So, whenever I see stuff like that, I like to annotate it. I'm not trying to sell it hard. I'm not a Dow trader. I'm not going to be shorting it. I don't have any race. I don't have any money in the race on this individual average. I'm a NASDAQ trader. Very, very rarely S&P. I mean, I'm talking rare, but it's usually on the basis of someone saying, "You don't ever trade the S&P and your stuff doesn't work in S&P." So, of course, you know what I'm going to do. [laughter] So the sell side liquidity resting below here, it's validated and qualified as a a potential candidate because the low that's anchored here has a higher low to it. So that's how we look at relative equal highs and relative equal lows. The most recent low with relative equal lows, it needs to be higher than the one you're anchored to is because they're close proximity and same price. The one slightly higher is a validation that this is likely to be attacked at some time. It doesn't mean it's going to be a straight shot right to it. This means that this is a likely con condition that could draw to over time. So, it's an intermediate term perspective or analysis. You see this gap right here? [snorts] That right there, you want to have that on your chart and treat that as inversion. Why? Because we traded down below it. It has passed down through it here and then up here. And now we're down below it. So, we have done the work of delivering the absence of buyside delivery. Now, buy side delivery is simply the market moving higher from one point to a higher point. Sellside delivery is simply just the market moving from a high point to a lower point and it leaves bodies across both directions. What does that mean? If this gap is framed with this candlesticks open, this candlestick's closed. In essence, this is the range that could be $2,500 per head with this workshop here. It's missing. Watch. Let me move this out of the way. See, it's got a little bit of a wick here and it's got a little bit of a wick here, but they don't touch. There's no kiss between these two. There's a small little gap. This is a common gap. Okay? Common gap. I didn't invent common gaps. I didn't coin anything for a common gap except for I call it a a vacuum block where there's an absence of any real price action there. Zero. Okay, that's that's a I guess um imbalance. There's no there's nothing there. Or what was the word I was looking for? Oh yeah, Chris Lori said uh it's a liquidity void. Okay. Well, this this portion of movement here with this big up close candle hike, that's not a that's not an inefficiency. I'm sorry. It's not a void. It is an inefficiency. It's inefficient in sellside delivery. It's a buyside imbalance. So, it's one-sided up up move, but it's deficient in having sellside delivery. So, it needs to have what? Cellside delivery, which is a pass back down over top of this range. This portion right in here is an actual absence of both buying and selling. Nobody did any trading between this candlestick's wick high and this candlesticks low. There's a real vacuum of any trading there. This is a liquidity void. It's void of any liquidity because nothing took place there. So, that's a real improvement in terms of terminology. But because there's no bodies left in these two price points here that I'm framing with the candlesticks closed and candlesticks open there. That right there is a volume imbalance but it's encapsulating a vacuum block or common gap. Okay, those are really, really important you understand that when we saw price drop down and laid the body down over top of this candlestick's close from this candlestick's open, that's these two trend line segments I've highlighted here. Let me make it a little bit bigger in case you guys can't see it. Well, thank you, ICT. Thank you. See, I can hear you. You think this is a one-way conversation? It's not. I can read your mind. He's in my mind. So this opening price and that closing price that frames the volume imbalance. So when the candlestick comes down like this stops the next candle opens and stops right there. We have done what? We have delivered sellside delivery. It offered price on the downside. that is not efficient anymore or yet rather because it has not offered buyside delivery at all yet because it went this far stopped and closed there and then opened up here. What about the difference between this candlesticks wick high and this candlesticks low? There's nothing in there and there's no bodies in between the close and the open of that price. It's a volume imbalance, not volume like you're looking for volume profile. Just because it shares the same word is not the same thing. There's no volume offered at all on a candlestick basis. Okay? If you're not using timebased candlesticks, you're not looking at price the way the algorithm delivers it. All these Reno bars and algo bars and everything else you want to call it, range bars. Nonsense. Nonsense. And I'm going to flame people up and they're going to be mad. They're going to come at me. They're going to create new videos about me. They're going to come at me in their sock puppet account. I don't give a Okay? I don't care. I don't care. But this is sellside delivery. Now what has it become? All that done, all that has done is turned this volume imbalance into now a sellside imbalance by side inefficiency or cibby. What? Yes. It's changing its character. What's character? The volume imbalance now becomes a sellside imbalance by side efficiency because it's only sellside offered. What is it lacking? Buyside delivery. When does that come here? Candlestick comes inside the range that's shaded here. It closes. Next one opens, trades down a little bit and comes up here and closes outside of it. So now we have sellside delivery that looks like this. That's sellside delivery. It's the same as a cibby. Same thing at this point. That's all it is. So what is it lacking? buy side delivery. So, you know that the market's wanting to do what? It wants to go higher and it's going to lay down like a paint roller. You ever painted your house or watched a painter do it? I watched them paint my house and I had to pay $45,000 to watch them paint this house. No ceilings were painted, just the walls. And I'm like, I could have did this. [laughter] I told my wife, I said, I could have done it. No, you couldn't. You think you can do everything? Listen, you're talking to ICT woman. You better watch your mouth. So, the sellside imbalance by side efficiency is lacking what? Buyside delivery. So that means it's going to roll that paint roller up the wall here where it's takes it down like this. Well, then you're going to take the same paint roller and roll right back up to make sure the paint is done what? Efficiently delivered inside of that volume imbalance right there. And you see it happening right there. So now in this area, what was inefficient on both sides of the equation, buy side and sell side, it became only efficient on buy side because sellside was offered here. So the paint roller was drawn down to put paint from this candlesticks open that candlestick's closed. Then it rolls right back up. So now this whole area is become efficient but it's an old inefficiency. So if we trade down below it like this, it needs to be viewed as a potential what? Inversion fair value gap because it can reclaim each one of these positions of inefficiency and the original area over here of inefficiency. Long story short, we cut through candles. We don't look at liquidity voids. We look at how price has been offered and how it was delivered. So, if it were to trade up in here, as long as it stays below the midpoint, it could be uh bearish and send it lower. I forgot what we're even going. Okay, Dow. So, anyway, um this low here and this volume imbalance, I like both of them. That might be a little uh mile marker as well. This area here, you want to shade that and extend it forward because that may act as an inversion level. Once it trades down to it, if it goes down below, it comes back up. You could act actually offer an opportunity much in the same way as an inversion fair value. It's a change in the character of its original purpose when it was placed in price action. This wick, because it's the lowest of all these, you want to grade that. I'll just throw it on here just for completeness sake. I'm not going to come back to the Dow at any time in the future. So, just make sure you're doing this on your own chart if you're interested in watching it. That is easier done like this. Can you tell I missed you? Can you tell I missed talking to you? He's going to stay here for four hours. Watch. No, I'm not. I'm actually not going to do that. All right. So, here's the high, the upper quadrant, consequent encouragement, the lower quadrant, and the low. So, if it's going to go to this level here or trade down into that sell side, what would you like to see as it relates to this wick here? Wouldn't you want to see a body close below the the consequent encouragement, right? You're learning. See, if it doesn't do that or can't do that, then it's going to require more time or I'm probably wrong and it's probably not going to go down here anytime soon. Okay? But I would venture to say that's probably probably likely and that's not to inspire you to put money in into the market to do that. Okay? All right. So now we can uh get that off here. I don't know what popped up the uh go over to the S&P real quick. So ES December contract Z205. All right. You see the divergence between the two? Let me show you again. See the Dow higher and then we have ES lower high. And because it's the S&P, not the Dow. Everybody was talking about, "Man, look how bullish the Dow was. It's shaking off everything. It's so strong. It's gone to the moon." And then now what we're doing? I love seeing that on social media. That's what I use social media for. That's why I go to live streams from people that are not my students, obviously. Um they have these different ideas and schools of thoughts. And usually when they're very opinionated, I love it. I love it. I love it when they do that because it tells me their character is they're going to smart mouth the marketplace when it looks obvious and it's already happened and when it becomes real really sharp bullish and they can talk, oh look it's going to go to the moon. Look how everybody's losing their rear end because they try to short the Dow blah blah blah. I love that. I love that because that's indicating the purest form of market sentiment there is. You're getting a goober that doesn't do anything and they're only reacting. They're reactionary. They're responding emotionally to something they probably didn't even profit on and they want everybody to share in their exuberance about what took place that they made no money on. So, you're getting peak delusion. You're getting peak retail perspective for free. And that's why YouTube is wonderful because they're giving it to you, but they think they're smart at that time. They think that they're talking shop talk. Shop talk is, you know, somebody that's in a in a field like when you went to work, okay, when I was a young boy, I I I tried doing uh block laying, brick work. That's hard stuff. And to hear these guys, you know, jawbone each other, really really ribbon them up. And they did that to me, too. And it was I mean, I got thick skin and I earned it from all the things I was raised around. But there was a couple times where some of the guys that were coming there, they were green horns like me. And the only thing we would do was we would grab the block at the low levels and hand it out to the guys on the higher scaffold. You have to build shoulders and muscles and lat muscles to build that up. And if you come in weak, they're going to they're going to raz you all day long. And some of these guys literally started crying and left. And it was kind of sad really. But I I took the lumps and I earn my paycheck. Shop talk from people that aren't doing any work is just silly. And to hear them beat the chest and they talk smart. They talk real smart at the of when moves are taking place. You can pick the frauds out easily because they're going to talk when they should be quiet. And when they talk, it's wrong. And that's why YouTube's perfect. That's why it's perfect for live streamers that don't know what they're doing and they're giving you all the evidence to fade them. They're doing it all the time. And all they're trying to do is get attention for ad revenue. They know they're not a good trader. And I know they're not a good trader either because some of the experience I have, I can I can spot them a mile away. And once you learn what I'm teaching you, you'll be able to spot them, too. And it's not meant to troll them. I don't troll them. They don't even know I'm watching them. But I'm using them. I'm using their perspective because it's limited to a neophyte. The worst potential opinion about these markets. That's what I'm looking for. And if I can take that time when technically everything's lined up for the opposite to happen based on what I teach and what I trade with versus what they're talking about and blue beating about. Who's who's going to win that arm wrestling match? Clearly, right? Come on. So the difference is is now the S&P said, "I'm not interested in making that higher high." When the retail crowd was saying, look how strong the Dow is. Yeah, look how strong it is. Now it's joining. I just my stomach's growing. If you heard that, I apologize. But I'm fasted for now 20 hours. 20 almost 20 hours now. So, I have to get off here and eat here. I'm 27 minutes overtime. I'm messing up. I don't know. So, the divergence between the Dow making a higher high and the S&P not making that higher high. And just for clarity sake, you can see it again. Dow made a higher high. Everybody was, "Wow, look how strong it is." Seasoned traders were not exasperating about how wonderfully strong the Dow is. Like that was anything in terms of bullishness. ES said, "I'm not interested in going up there with the 500 companies that I'm tracking and look how it's performed. What is this? What is that? It's a volume imbalance. You want to have that on your chart. If you're an S&P trader, you want to break that down, grade it also. That means you want to measure the quadrants of it. You guys still with me? You learning anything? Probably put a lot of you to sleep. That's what you would have. And you want to take that and view these levels on a lower time frame chart and you'll see how the influence is is there. Um, another volume imbalance. You want to have that on your chart. Anytime a volume imbalance occurs on higher time frame dailies, you absolutely want to have that on your chart. And why I'm using the orange shade that I usually use for inversion, this is for your notes. The candlestick here is the low of that volume and bounce. It closed right there and then the next candle opened up here. So the characteristic is what? Bullish. So if it trades down below it, it's going to act as an inversion if it can come back up and touch it. Same premise here. We closed here and gapped up higher. So that's why I'm shading that color. It tells me and communicating to you if price were to ever trade up into these levels when price was dropping down. If it trades up into those levels and it hits a quadrant level and you have a little bit of a loaded deal, it could potentially send it lower and reaching into another reference for for sellside. So, we have a wick in here. Um, this is measuring that. So, you want to have that. I I don't want to take this off yet because I want to keep it on when we go into lower time frames. But, you also want to use this one. Why am I using this one? Because it's the longest one in all these wicks here. see that even though it's longer probably by close to low, it's longer in terms of reaching lower. That's that's how I'm qualifying it. Okay? Like it's not simply the length of the wick, it's how far the wick is reaching lower. Like this one's definitely lower than that one. You see that? So it's not like this wick could be and I don't know I'm not measuring it but say this one was actually say two handles longer by range than this one. It doesn't change the fact that this one went lower. That's that's what I'm referring to. Okay. So this low and that low, what does that form? Relative equal lows, right? So there's a large pool of liquidity resting right there. But because this wick exists, you want to have that graded on your chart. And what do you think mean? What do you think the uh the importance of that is? You want to see it not close below this 50% level consequent encouragement or do you want to see it trade below that? If this is in fact a relative equal low, it's drawing to it might be in my opinion. That's what I think it's doing. But again, it's not meant for you to take as a trade advice. If we get through this wick, there should be speed to close below this halfway point of that wick. And if it can close below that, then it really makes it easy that it's going to go here. But you hold on to that idea. I'm not saying that it needs to close below that for the short to be valid. It doesn't mean you have to close below here to be um short first. I'm just saying that these are all qualifiers to build confidence while price is dropping. if you're short. These are things that would build, I guess, the idea that I would be comfortable staying with the idea in the trade. And they would all be like confirmations, things that make you sleep better at night while you're in the trade. Not that I'm holding overnight when I take trades anymore because I'm not because too many things can happen because I mentioned earlier gap risk. All right. So, with that, all these annotations here. Okay. Now, we can drop down into we'll drop into a 15 minutes time frame. I got to be careful because I want to talk a whole lot more. Do it. Do it. ICT, I'm taking so much notes. All right. So, you can see right away they use that inefficiency I mapped out on the daily chart. Look at the bodies respecting that. That's beautiful. And then we fail to get to it here. And then we leave it. We come back up, hit the high of the old wick on the daily chart. You'll be able to go back and record. Just look at the time frame right now and make a note of go back on the daily chart and see what this level is here. But you won't need to do that if you do the same thing as in your chart that I'm doing. That's the benefit. You need to have it in your charts. I'll just look at my stuff and say, "I'm content. He's done it there. He's done all the work." No, but use the uh the the wick high, broke lower, bearish fair value that lays right close to the upper quadrant of the wick. That's that's what these gradings are here. I told you I was going to leave it on there so you can see on the lower time frames. So order block upper quadrant beautiful delivery breaks lower trades down to the lower quadrant the low of the wick and then reached in here and we have hopefully if it's set right it should be I don't think I have extended them far enough over to the right I didn't I didn't I didn't do it I don't have it set to show on all time frames I think that's what it Let me go to the daily real quick. These are the things that frustrate me because I I wish they would go down 15 and 10. It'll be there. There you go. So that's the relative equal lows here and there's the the earlier low. So this is high probability and then it should speed up below that if it's ideal to get down into that sell side. So that's how I would use that information and how I would map out my uh my chart. the fact that we have a lower high on S&P compared to the the Dow, which doesn't really say that much because again, like I said, the Dow's only 30 stocks, the S&P's 500. All right, back to the daily [snorts] and NASDAQ NQZ 2025. There's the business on that. Zoom in. All righty. So, same same idea really. You know, we have a low This wick is the lower between that one and this one. So you want to grade that these quadrants would be impactful here. You want to see it close below uh consequent encroachment. That's ideal for it to potentially run continuously to that low. Sell side is here. There you go. And same business over here. We had that volume imbalance. I thought about that on I think it was Monday. Was it Monday or Tuesday? I don't know what day it was this week. I shaded that it was white and I told you it would how we use that range. It would be indicative of what we do the rest of the week. And then we um we traded lower southside's been taken here. Next point of interest is the consequent encroachment of that wick that's being highlighted there. So it needs to close below 24602 to continuously be bearish. That's how I would view it. All right. And just for a 15-minute time frame, peak, my stomach is ground like crazy. Beautiful delivery of consequent encroachment there. Consequent encroachment of that one lower quadrant of this. Grade that on your own chart and then dive deeply sell side there. Really nice. That's really nice. I've been sitting here talking to you. I could have been shorting uh NASDAQ anyway. What am I gonna do? What am I gonna do? It's never going to work again. I missed it. Uh, the last bit of business I want to talk because I I did I g I gave you a lot today. Okay. So, I I appreciate if you guys don't come at me for rushing through the portions I've done. Just the discussion while we were on the uh the dollar index chart, the things I taught you there was worth your time being here today, I believe. And that's somebody with 33 years experience. But let's go to the daily chart and look at um let's look at stocks just for a second. How how how might this be useful for for stock trading? I have a lot of questions that come to me by way of that. Um I do a portion of teaching in the 2017 portion of the paid mentorship where I talk about stocks and whatnot. This is kind of like a a different approach to a lot of the things I talked about there. So, I know it's kind like an amplification. So, charter students will appreciate this because they've been able to be trained by me with with the stock trading side of it, too. But, let's uh pull up um [snorts] I don't know. I haven't I haven't traded stocks in a while. Let me uh Facebook. What's their What's their symbol now? Some weird name. I don't What is it? What's a Facebook? What is uh tweet tweet to me? I'm here live here. I'm struggling here. What is What is Facebook's uh stock symbol now? Quickly, quickly, quickly. Somebody knows it. Come on. Mine knows it metal. I think it's this one is metal metal, right? Hey, is that an ugly shirt in it? Meta Meta Platforms. All right, can you guys confirm that? [laughter] Yeah, meta. Thanks, Ryan. All right, so right away you can see that this is a heart attack for uh efficient delivery and price action. And this is one of the things I learned when I was trading GlobeEx as a commodity trader. And GlobeEx would be very very spotty. And spotty is like this where there's a whole lot of areas where there's gaps, real liquidity voids. Okay? So the way you clean this up first and foremost is first look at it. What do you see here? Let me zoom in here. And this is beneficial even if you don't trade stocks, okay? because there's going to be times when you're looking at price action that it can get spotty. If you're a commodity trader, you'll see a lot of this, okay? And I'm going to show you the easy simple fix. Very, very simple. And it gives you clarity. Okay? But here's the daily chart. And it's extremely very spotty. Can you imagine being up here? You went long here and you're holding up here thinking, "Wonderful, man. This is so good. Thank you, Zuckerberg. [laughter] What? What? What just happened?" That's a haircut. That's a haircut. Okay. Now, what do you think happened here? I mean, looking at all this stuff here, I mean, wow, that's that's problematic, isn't it? Like, who could who could that was going to happen? I mean, what what can we do? What can one do? Well, you're on a daily chart, number one, so you're going to have to come up. So, what would that be? You can do uh a two-day chart, a three-day chart, or you just jump to the classic one week or weekly chart. So, you can go to weekly chart and boom. Now, watch the magic. Why? Now, for the folks that are brand new, watch me doing this for the first time. Yes. Yes. I'm outlining it in hindsight. I don't trade stocks, but I do this all the time with NASDAQ. I do it all the time. And I did it for years in the presence of thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of witnesses that were paying me. And if I wasn't doing it live, they would have crucified me. Okay? I've earned the right to be able to talk like this. I'm teaching you how to do it so that way you can do it. I can do this. I don't need to do this stuff. Old high. It's bell codity. Okay, so it rallies above that when it makes this run higher. See that right there? Volume imbalance. Look how much cleaner price action gets and it becomes far more predictable when using that daily chart. Why anybody's trading stocks using a daily chart right now is beyond me. Okay, the volatility is off the chain. It's been like that for a while. So, you have to have a perspective that's linked to a higher time frame chart. This is where smart money is operating. They're not using daily charts. Look at that daily chart before we went to this time frame. It was a heart attack. You don't know where you're at next is opening and closing and opening and closing way huge. Hundreds of hundreds of points difference. If you're holding 5,000 shares of of of Meta, I mean, maybe not some of you doing that, but there's people that are doing that, you know, and you're holding overnight and you're getting a haircut of 100 points. Wow. Like, wow, you're getting crushed. But now suddenly when you see this volume imbalance, same premise, okay, watch what happens. what we just described when using the volume imbalances on price action. Just trying to thicken it up so you guys can see the volume imbalance. You want to carry the these through price action. Sellside side deliveries offered. What is it now short on? It's inefficient in what? Buy side delivery. That means price moving back up through this imbalance. So this area here that's highlighted, it's missing both buy side and sell side. Even though that wick is there, there's no bodies in between the opening and closing of that candlestick right there. So by having it extended through, you can see sell side is offered there. But now what is it missing? Buyside delivery. It happens here. The candlesticks are laid over top of that. See that? And then now we leave it. We close below it. Take your reference point right back to that layer. Right there. That's where it's going to trade up to. Smart money is going to go short there. Same thing I just described in the indices. Same thing I described in the dollar index. Same thing I described in the the forex market. It's the same thing, folks. It's the same logic. Each one of these instruments have an algorithm that is running with the same logic I'm teaching you. Period. If it didn't, it wouldn't work. I can't take you to a room or a place or a person and they're going to come and be interviewed and say, "Yes, what he's saying is here here's the thing. Here's the this." No, it's a simple observation of it's controlled. Now, you can get upset about that because you've subscribed to the idea that it's buying and selling randomness, which makes no damn sense to me why anybody would ever risk money on something like that. It's like horse racing. How do you benefit from not knowing anything about the other horses? You just have a strong affinity for how well that horse was raised and that jockey won races before. So therefore, it must be a sure thing. Wrong. [laughter] Doesn't have any b a basis on the future outcome of that race. So by having the criteria that repeats in all instruments, that means it's algorithmic. It's looking for inefficiencies. It's looking for a balanced price range. That's what a volume imbalance becomes. When it sells off and lays bodies over top of it, now it's only what? A cibby. Then it becomes a fully delivered buyside and sellside delivery. When the candlesticks trade back above this range. So it's like that paint roller analogy. There's no paint in here because there's no bodies. The roller comes down across it. Both of these candlesticks bodies are now painting over top of that gap where no paint was when your partner painting the wall missed it. Then you come behind him and say, "Well, I'm gonna fix this area because he didn't do a good enough job. I can see some of the wall still paint down." And then now to make sure it's ample paint distributed to the wall. The wall is framed by these two price points. That candlestick's opening, that candlestick's closed. The paint roller being applied to the upside now efficiently delivers the paint. So now this area is become a balanced price range. So if price can manage to get through it, it's going to be real hard to get back above it. And what do you see here? It opens, wicks through it, not through it entirely, but up to the high of it, right? No, it can't get to the actual high of it and then went back down below that opening price. If you can get into it there, that's where you short. Stop above here. That's pretty painful. That's pretty painful. Why did it go down here? What is this? much volume imbalance. Now what is it doing? It's providing what? Cellside delivery, not liquidity. Delivery is the action of applying candlesticks into a range that is inefficient. Sellside delivery is the movement of price action directional going lower and being printed in candlesticks that are moving continuously lower. Once you define an area like this, like this volume imbalance, I don't want to do that. I want to stop right there. That candlestick's closed and that candlestick's opening. That's the That's the inefficiency. As price is dropping down, it's doing what? It's delivering sellside delivery. Once it goes down to the low here and a body is dropped on that low, then if it trades back up, if it makes its way back below and leaves this low again here, this will act as a balanced price range. In other words, it's going to be very stiff real resistance. Now, contrast that with supply and demand or contrast that with classic support and resistance. That's not explained that way. That's not explained like that at all. That's why I'm trying to tell you when you listen to these people on the internet or you read them and they talk out their ass and say that I'm telling you something that's rebranded that is not anywhere else. That's what I tell you to go out. If you find what I just explained in support and resistance, supply and demand, Elliot wave, white off GAN, whatever, find it just like that in a book before 1996 or in a video documentation where I can find it in circulation because I got tons of stuff, folks. I got stuff that's been out of print for decades. I promise you, there is nothing before this. And if you could, it's $5 million and I'll drive it to your house in a bank check, in a diaper, and you can videotape it and record it and put it on live stream when I do it. But it's a safe bet because it ain't never going to happen. You can't find it. So again, for the piece of people that say, "Why do you even respond to these people?" Because AI is watching everything that I'm doing and what you're doing and because I'm a public figure. The bad information that's being sewed out there is for that purpose. So that way when you do chat dbt or if you go on to Reddit or if you go on to um Grock, the only information that those things get is when it goes out in the internet and does the same thing a Google search does. Google search. You think that I lived in a a welfare development. You'd think I was broke and living behind a McDonald's if you believed everything these people said. But because they say it, because they put up stuff that ain't real, they twist facts. having rental properties is not me living in houses like that. Okay, big big difference. Okay, big difference. Long story short, this potentially could go lower and I would like to see this be used as that same catalyst here. Now, it it obviously it would be better if it just kept on going lower, but if it goes below this area here and come back up, it needs to stay in the lower half. It can wick through it the halfway point. Let me darken that up a little bit. And there you go. So, if it trades below this rectangle area, okay, big shout out to the guy on uh YouTube trying to sell his mentorship, but it's really my stuff. Uh we trade boxes. No, it's a fair value. That's what it is. Okay. But, uh when you trade below it, come back up. It needs to only keep the bodies in this portion, the lower half. It can wick up in here, but the bodies need to stay in here. And as long as it does that, and that's again assuming that we close below this area. Any new candles that form, if it trades back up in here, I'm not going to freak out. I would expect it to do that and then reach lower and there's sellside here, here, and here. So, you know, worst case scenario, this thing could trade down in the 400s that. But that's that's assuming a whole lot. I don't have any skin in the race. I'm not short. I don't have put options. I don't trade stocks. I'm not touching them. I'm just giving you an application of how what I do in forex, what I do in index futures and commodities, currency trading, bond trading, everything is actionable on every instrument. Every instrument. And I gave you examples with uh Bitcoin simply because I'm pressured by my long-term students and I don't want to be disrespectful to them because they've been very patient in asking long long winded rants about everything else and them saying you you don't ever answer our questions when it comes to this. So I I I did it. Okay. So please leave me alone for a little while. Give me some time. [laughter] Okay. But I don't want to subscribe so far with the things that I teach as it relates to crypto. I I've never traded it. I've never made any money with the crypto market. So, I can't stand behind my word with that, but I have made money with everything else. So, I want you to know that there's a difference between when I say something, I can stand on it because I've made money doing it. If I don't make money with something and I've never traded it, why would you care about my opinion? Can Can we agree about that for a second? Just just be be honest. Okay. If I've never made money trading an instrument, why would you care about my opinion about it? I haven't validated my opinion because if my opinion held weight about that instrument with my own faith and money being risked on it, then I would have what I would bring forth receipts. I would be trading it. I would be giving you examples and here you go. I've done this and done that. But because I've never done it, that's why I stay away from it, folks. That's why. Can you appreciate that honesty? Can you can you at least give me that? That's all I want you to understand. I've never traded in it and I don't ever want to trade in it. Okay? So, that's why I don't touch it. I believe it's going to be used as a something that's painful for people and I don't want to go into a Bible study here, but that's exactly why I don't want to touch it. Okay? Could I have made a lot of money trading it? Yes. In 2013, I could have bought it in the hundreds. I could have done all that stuff. I could have bought it when it was down at 3,000. I could have done it at 6,000. I could have done it when it was 20,000. I told you when it was going to go to 20,000 for real. I told you when it wasn't going to go to 20,000 and it tanked down to 3,000. Go back in time. You see all these people saying, "You said it went to 3,000. You were going to delete your channel because I want all you crypto people that are fanatics to leave me alone about it." I'm not going to spend time looking at crypto markets because I don't have any vested interest in it. And I don't want to inflate the interest in other people because I don't have faith in it. Do you understand? Like that's that's the real issue here. I'm afraid it's going to be used to hurt people and I don't want to have any affinity placed on it to where you look at me as an influence to say he enticed me to do this and I lost money. I don't want that. I don't want that. If I don't see any reason for me to get into it for my own money, I sure as hell am not going to try to talk about it and inspire people that just take everything I say just because I said it. They believe it's it's that's the truth. When I'm telling you don't believe anything I'm saying. Go into the market and see if what I'm teaching holds water. If it doesn't, then you've exposed me and then move on. Find somebody that does a better job than I do. How hard is that? That's what I would be doing. That's all I ask you to do. Okay? You'll get your own evidence if you look for it. But if you take your opinions from other people and you think that you're in in you're informed or you're I never get scammed by that ICT guy watching his free videos. [laughter] Oh, you really saved yourself, didn't you? Unless you've done the work and s you studied it yourself, you you you don't know. You're taking the opinion of a nobody that you never met before and you're borrowing their logic, which is what retail does. Think about it. Retail looks at things that have absolutely nothing to do with price action. Not one thing. But they subscribe a religion to it. That's what it is. It's a religion. Retail is the real cult. Look how crazy they are when I come out and tell them their stuff is garbage. And they come at me all the time and I'm still here. I make fun of them. I laugh with them. Oh man, great. Whatever. But they're ready to murder me. They want to come by my house. They want to do this. Oh, if I ever catch you in the streets, man, you don't want to catch me in the streets. Trust me, you're going to catch these hands and you don't want them. Point is this. Keep your emotions out of this because if what you were doing was making you real money, you wouldn't care what anybody says because I don't care what anybody says about my stuff. And my stuff is the best. It rules. It rains. There is nothing better than it. Nobody's came forward and beat it. No one's ever done anything better. No one's more precise. And they can't come close. And that's the confidence. It sounds like arrogance. It sounds like it's narcissistic, but that's because you're on a lower plane of understanding and you're looking at someone talking from a perspective that's way higher than yours and doesn't mean I'm smarter than you. Doesn't mean I'm better than you. It's just that I'm subscribed to a view that the markets are really really rigged and I look at it through that lens and I'm not falling victim to the same same things that retail traders do. Whether it's volume profile, footprint, level two data, supply and demand, white off Elliot wave, GAN, Fibonacci on the basis of how Fibonacci is used. I only use it for basing a quadrant in a equilibrium. That's it. That's it. That's all I'm using it for for teaching purposes. So that way you as a student can find your entry technique with that given level, not some random zone. I don't deal in zones, okay? It's very specific levels. And I hopefully communicated that with you here. And I guess you'll let me know on X and in the comments in the video whether or not you learned anything from us today. I've had fun with y'all. I have I had a wonderful time teaching you and it's time for me to grab something to eat and I hopefully uh you did a good job with your time invested in me today. Until I talk to you next time, have a pleasant holiday season.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: ICT Opening Range Theory \ 1st Presented FVG Logic
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zm9Q0NDRxoY
================================================================================

Hello folks, how are you? Hope you're doing well. So, you're probably wondering where has ICT been? I have been rambling up and down the east coast of uh America. We took several road trips, went to Cape Cod, stayed up in Maine for a [clears throat] little while, and drove all the way down to the southernmost tip of the United States, mile marker zero, Key West, Florida, and then we stayed a couple places on the Gulf side of Florida, and then made our way home. Uh, I don't quite feel well today still. ate something bad, went to a restaurant and I guess didn't agree with me. So, I'm gonna share something with you today and then uh my sons who I'll be teaching later today as well. I'm going to build on what I'm showing you as well with this lecture. So, it isn't going to be long and it's only going to be focusing on a NASDAQ simply because I don't have the time or energy to devote to anything else. But what I said about the dollar index, you can look at your chart and see it has done that. And then Euro dollar and cable have done as well. Higher dollar is what we were looking for. I was looking for. Let me say it that way. So this is a December contract mini [clears throat] NASDAQ futures review for November 11th. Pay attention to the risk disclaimer that's below this video. And I have it in slides so that way it helps me get through it quicker. The weekly chart here. You can see that up here. I'm noting the volume imbalance right there. And I just included some narration narration to narrate the underlying bullish order that we were looking for. We have a bearish I'm sorry bullish fair gap fair gap here as well. Traded down into that. You'll see this appear in the lower time frame charts. And we had this big down close candle here. That's the bullish order block. The change in the state of delivery is the opening price. And you can see how we dropped down into that here last week. And then we started trading here and moved up into that volume imbalance. So let's continue with that idea into the daily chart. And I graded the premium wick of the highest candlestick here. That's the 30th of October. And that same weekly volume imbalance is being highlighted here. Interesting to see how the bodies are respecting that. And we dropped all the way down into this discount wick. And notice that we couldn't get to the upper quadrant before we came all the way back up. So that's usually indicative of bullishness or strength. And we trade right back up into that volume imbalance. And the bodies have stopped dead in its tracks right there. So, it's probably random. I graded this premium wick as well. You can see how they used that so far for today. And then we are drop down into an hourly chart. And we have buy side here, sell side, which was taken right below there. Just a small little drop down into a bullish fair value got traded right to the top of that. And notice it didn't get to the upper quadrant of that daily wick as it indicated here. Right there. Okay. So notice the price. That's this level here. And it fell just short of reaching into it, but it hit the top of the fair value gap here on the hourly chart. So what we're doing is is we're looking at the price continuum from higher time frame down to lower time frame. You can measure the importance of the PDA's effectiveness in terms of providing discount or resistance okay or the cause and effect if you will of how fast it should repel from price. So we have discount sensitivity and we have premium sensitivity. the PD arrays need to be measured that way. It's not simply enough to say, well, it's old support, old resistance, you that type of thing. You're measuring its inability to even trade to a specific level and staying within an underlying narrative. So, we traded down into sellside, but we couldn't even get into the quadrant of that daily at this price range here. And then we started repelling higher. Then we have a new week opening gap high and low. And then previous week is here and we trade right up into that daily volume imbalance and moving into a 15-minute time frame. And I realize the charts are compressed and I apologize in advance. I just wanted to touch base with you because I told you I would be talking to you yesterday at 5:00 p.m. and then on Sunday rather at 5:00 PM and I wasn't able to do so. So feels like I got kicked in my stomach. That's how bad it hurts. So something they didn't make it well and it was fish. So that way you know I'm a big fish eater and I guess uh they had something in there. They didn't get cooked properly. So we have a buy side liquidity pull here on an intermediate term basis and then we have sell side resting right below here and then we have this new week opening gap. I graded that. So, we've had a couple attempts to trade higher in here. Uh, how we use this volume imbalance for the rem indicative of what we do going forward. So, if we can manage to get to the upside of it and then defend the upper half and never trade back to the lower half of it, that's bullish. If we break down to the low of it and then defend the lower half and trade no higher than the halfway point of this imbalance that's shaded in white, that daily and weekly volume imbalances. That's what this white uh segment of rectangle highlighting is. That's what I'm using for the bias, you know, determination for the rest of the week. Today's a an election day or something to that effect. I think if I'm not if I'm not mistaken, I think it's something to that effect. Um, so it's going to impact obviously the the volume that's coming into our our trading day down to a 5minute chart. You can see we spent a little bit of time outside that volume and bounce on the lower time frames. It's normal to see that type of thing. And we broke lower. And then look at the sensitivity here. That's premium sensitivity. premium sensitivity in the upper quadrant drawn back down to equilibrium or the midpoint of that which we call consequent encroachment and then moving back down into the lower half to the low and then if we can manage to do that here is sellside resting here and I don't have it highlighting the actual price but we'll just call it uh 25,455 it's it's a a good approximation So that's where the daily buy side I'm sorry sell side and the buy side on the daily boundaries would be up here. So around 25 825ish or something to that effect. So those are the two daily extremes that I would look at and I'm saying that I want to determine as price is trading today what is it more likely to draw towards and what does that mean? Well, if we start making lower runs, then it might want to run and take up these sellovers here. If we move to the upside, then my focus would be not just simply getting above here, but drawing up to here. It need not do it all in the same day today, but it's just helping me frame modularly what the bias should be. I've been away from the markets for a couple weeks now, so I'm trying to get myself acclimated back to what we're doing at the moment. So, this is the type of thing I'm doing. When I do those types of things, when I go away or spend time away or after a holiday, a long break like I'm getting ready to do at the end of this week, that's my typical hibernation. ICT is like a bear proverbial where I'm spending time with my family and not so much in the marketplace. So, I enjoy the holidays and that's why you won't see much of me. Okay? And here's the one minute chart and I want you to take a look at what I'm showcasing here. This is kind of like the the the lecture the teaching. So I'm going to be teaching my kids s you know sessions today session trading. So it's not dependent on daily bias. It's not dependent on weekly bias. It's not dependent on anything except for what's available in the marketplace right now based on time and price. So if we're going to be trading the London session, if you are a trader that wants to trade London, I get a lot of questions sent to me in email and in the comment section of my videos. Yes, there's a lot of you. No, I'm not going to name you by name because there's too many of you. And if I highlight one comment, it breaks the hearts or hurts the feelings of the individuals that maybe posted it 30 different times and spam my comment section. If I if I see your comment, it's noteworthy. Not because I'm trying to discount anybody's question cuz it's I understand why you're asking, but most of the things that post to my comment section or questions that are answered if you simply just watch the videos. And I know you're trying to save time, but I'm trying to save my sanity because I could not ever service all of you by having a response to every post, every email, every text, every post on X, everything that's sent to me. I I couldn't I wouldn't be able to do anything. So, trust me when I tell you 99% of the things you're going to ask me is already answered in advance because of the natural continuity of the content. But if you're trading London, one of the things you want to do is develop an understanding of the opening range. And the opening range for that is 1:30 in the morning, Eastern time to 2:00 in the morning. And when we have that indicated, we can look left and you'll see that we have high and right before 130, we have relative equal highs. So, what's going to be above that by sight? We'll get to that in a moment. But we start at 130 and then we rotate lower and draw back down to a lower discount. The first presented fair value gap here during that 1:30 a.m. to 2 o'clock in the morning is my gift to the the community because algorithmically this is what price is looking at. If you're trying to trade London session, if you wanted to trade London open kill zone, whether you're trading forex, whether you're trading indices, commodities, currencies, whatever, if it's trading during this time, it's going to use this logic. I don't want you to believe me. I want you to go into charts and and study it. Now, differentiating first presented fair value gap when we're using opening ranges, not the silver bullet. silver bull. It's like the first one that forms after 10:00 inside that 10:00 to 11:00 in the morning hour. When I taught that, that's very generic. But we're when we're using opening ranges, which are defined by 30 minutes, not 15 minutes, not 5 minutes, [laughter] it's 30 minutes, you want to look at displacement. Okay? So displacement is the division from what everybody thinks they know about and writes books about my content on Amazon, which is not correct. Nobody has a book out with my stuff correctly. And I I I say that because I get so many questions sent to me. Do you like this person's book? I I haven't read anybody's books. I get excerpts and things that people purchased from these writers that are pariting me, but they're not even doing a good enough job of doing it correctly and they're twisting it and and trying to make it something of their own and they're putting my name on their book cuz it's a draw. It's going to make people want to buy it. Just don't do that, folks. Okay? I promise you what you're going to learn from me directly is the right. Anything outside from me is going to be someone's persuasion added to it. Okay? Even the best of my students are are showing themselves making lots of money. They're bringing their own little twists to it because they're trying to find themselves. And I say that respectfully, but it's diluting the importance of knowing what it is I' I've taught and keeping it pure. And this is one of those lectures today. Why wouldn't I look at that gap right there and call that the first presented fair gap? Because if you take a look at that swing low right there after we taken buyside as we're entering the opening range. We took buyside and then it displaces. So that fair value gap here hasn't even taken out that low. But this gap engages that low. It's laying inside of the proximity of that low liquidity. So it changes market structure bearish and now we can use this inefficiency to inefficiency which is what suspension block. Now this first presented fair value gap is a bearish suspension block and it reacts and respects the equal equilibrium point of it which is classified as a consequent encroachment because it's a gap. It's an inefficiency. It's not a single candlestick like an order block. It's being viewed as a inefficiency because it's got a volume of bounce to the high end of it and the low end of it. You have to zoom on your own charts. So, it's the distinction between the displacement drawing the the importance to that individual imbalance. It's not just simply, well, there's one right here, so why didn't he use that? He's cherrypicking. No, the logic is simply what I'm teaching you here. There has to be some kind of basis as to why that imbalance should be used. And it's because we have shifted market structure lower after buy side taken. See how all the things I've taught cumulatively over years and years and years. I've given you small pieces of it. Not because I want to starve you, not because I want to do anything except for make you understand it the right way. You won't appreciate if I give it to you in one block. Cuz look what it's like when you watch a video by me. They're very long. They're very wordy. Because I want to be concise. I want to be very thorough. And because this is a very dense topic, it requires a lot of bandwidth on your part as the student because you're going to have to come back to these topics multiple times. You're not going to learn it by watching one video. One video, one time through it isn't going to be sufficient. You're want to to master these things. So, you have to understand the details I'm sharing. I have a lot of information that are packed in small videos. And for me, a four 4-hour video is small. For most of you, there's it's too much. You can't do it. You you going to go somewhere else and watch a five-minute trainer or watch people take my videos and splice it up and remove the rants. The rants is what makes the stuff work. Otherwise, you're just demonstrating things that I can do in my own hands, but you're not communicating it to the viewers of your channel. You're just looking at it for ad revenue. So, nobody's making money learning the short cliffnotes version. They're making money by learning the deep aspects of what it is I'm teaching. And this is what I'm referring to having this imbalance here because it's toggled to and tethered to that shift in market structure. It's laying across that. You see that? So, there's no necessity for price to get back up here. And when you see these dollar mentor mentors, they're just trying to tell you something. They think it sounds intelligent. If the price could go back up there, then I'm really going to be interested. If the market goes up there, I'm not interested. I want to see that stay open as a breakaway gap. But the first positive fair value gap here is the tradable executable PD array. And you qualify and confirm that by what I'm saying here. the displacement inside the opening range of 30 minutes before 2 o'clock in the morning. The same application is done with 9:00 I'm sorry 9:30 to 10 o'clock in the morning. The same approach is being used there. So it's not a matter of he's picking and choosing cherrypicking because if you look at the times I've called the very specific uh PD race the fair present the fair app gap that I'm utilizing they're working and the other ones that other people will say why do you use this and why they're not used um I'm using things like this this is one element of logic that is again it's my work it's not somebody else's stuff that's rebranded you're never going to see this stuff re rebranded before me [laughter] but you're going to hear it all always and everybody else's mentorships. Now, now I'm going to take it one step further. This imbalance here, it's the first candle in the opening range. If it's bearish and it's a buy side balance, sell sign efficiency. This will act as 90% of the time and listen to that rate. Okay? 90% of the time that's going to be an inversion fair value gap. That's bearish. Why? Buy side's been taken. It starts the opening range of 30 minutes. It's an imbalance and price rolls back over top of it. It should stop at the consequent encouragement level and not leave any bodies on the upside of it and it doesn't even get close to it here and leaves the upper half untouched. Trades into here. It gives you one more little kiss here. Goodbye and off to the races it goes. So, what did I just teach you here? I taught you how to use the opening range for London session. I taught you how to use the opening range for 9:30 to 10:00 in the morning when you're trading indices. Stop listening to these people focusing on a 15inute time window. That is garbage. It's trash. It's absolutely limiting your perspective. It's the first 30 minutes. It's the first 30 minutes. And by applying this idea of was there liquidity taken? You can clearly see that here. It runs above it. It absorbs all that. It throws down a fake bull flag. I teach this in my 2016 2017 paid mentorship lectures that are on my YouTube channel. Just look for the playlists. That's a false bull flag and it breaks down. Then you can trade into the inversion fair value gap. It's inversion by the way. It's not inverse fair value gap. Please correct yourselves, gentlemen. Okay? You're you're you're not using the correct vocabulary. But it hits it beautifully here and it starts drawing down to the sell side here down to the uh consequent encroachment of the higher time frame ranges that we graded and then created a sellside liquidity pool here and now we're entering another time window. It's the what? The New York open kill zone. So the New York open kill zone is what? 7:00 in the morning to 9:00 in the morning or 10:00 in the morning if you're trading forex. Now, here's a small simple little caveat here. Okay, in at 7:00 in the morning, I use the information I get from 6:30. If you remember back when I was doing paid mentorship for those that were part of that, um, in the lectures, I would always refer to how I would get up in the morning, um, the questions would come by way of what's my routine in the morning, what, you know, if I was when I was trading forex, I would get up in the morning, if I didn't trade London, I'd get up at least by 6:30 and get a feel for what the market was done. What does that look like and what do I mean by that? Well, just be mindful that this is the low with sell side and we had this retracement here. What just took place buy side buy side with this run up in here. Okay. So, now we're going to go to the next slide. Here's that same sell side here. Okay. Now, at 7:00 in the morning, go back to 6:30. What took place? 6:30. We had buy side taken. It's simple. They've raided buy side. They've left sell side intact. All part of a larger draw on liquidity that's being pulled lower across all the higher time frames. So if that's the case, we can now look at now here's the caveat for New York. Okay? Why am I showing you 7:00 to 7:30 and not 6:30 to 7? Because I'm comp I'm encompassing both forex. I'm encompassing metals. I'm encompassing oil, energies, all of the assets. Okay? And to make that streamline, you use 7:00 because that's when all the algorithms fire up. There's not one algorithm that runs everything with the same tentacles and everything at the same time. But every instrument is ran algorithmically and it's ran by a price engine that is completely and utterly controlling price. And the illusion is you think buying and selling pressure causes these fluctuations to move price higher and lower. It's not. But they all begin they come online basically at 7:00 in the morning. And then what you want to do is look at the reference points that I teach with my PD arrays within the context of the narrative. Meaning what did it do at 6:30? Well, at 6:30 it took buy side. It's pulled down into sell side and it left this sellside liquidity pool. But all these buy side liquidity pools here, here, here was rated air, we broke lower, these relative lows were taken and then we traded right back up. Did that high take out that high? No. It traded right inside this wick. Grade that and see what that gives you here. And then we entered the 7:00 to 7:30 opening range for New York open kill zone encompassing forex, metals, energies, indices, you name it. This is the way you can do it where it's it's a general approach to doing it. It's the only kill zone that you apply it this way. Everything else is 30 minutes before. Okay? So the market runs up, creates a high and then one more time rallies and takes out that buy side that's created there. So this is engineered liquidity and then we have a shift in market structure below that swing low right there. This gap right there, this entire thing here, that has to be incorporated with this low because it's tethered to that. It's this low that's being shifted with a bearish movement in in price. This bearish fair value gap midpoint consequent encroachment. The body stops dead in its tracks below it. It's allowed to wick a little bit above it and then it comes right back down. Gives it one more kiss here and then runs aggressively down to the sell side. Notice that the mechanics are simply this. the run for the buy side. When you're looking for directional runs that are high probability, low resistance, low resistance liquidity runs, not high resistance liquidity runs. Low resistance liquidity runs always have an opposing run in direction before it happens. Meaning, if you're bearish, there has to be some measure of buy side taken before you enter the trade. You have to have that. In this case, we see it here. It rallies and then rallies one more time. That's a turtle soup. Not Linda Rash's turtle soup. Okay? It's the idea of a false breakout. My version of false breakouts. I like the little term turtle soup. It is not taking anything from that book. The idea of a false breakout. It is essentially that. I didn't invent false breakouts, but my incorporation of how I use them is not in any books. They're they're in several dozens of books on Amazon and other places now. And it's smart money concepts, which is my stuff being prostituted. But it's my application of looking for false breaks. That's I guess basically say simply this the right ones chosen correctly the times and instances when it's highly probable that it's going to work and it's not simply limiting it to a 20-day high or 21day high or low being taken because that's all turtle soup is in Linda Rash's smart money book or smart money street money not smart money street smarts that's her book okay with Linda and uh Larry Connor's uh co-writing it together. But that turtle soup pattern is simply just using a 20-day high and low because the turtle traders use a 20-day high and low breakout. So, it was a long-term trend following model. Uh but it was very influential in terms of helping me determine the idea of stops and false breakouts because I was very infatile when I first started trading. I was doing everything that everybody talked about and I lost a lot of money doing that stuff. So what I wanted to do is I wanted to spend my life trying to figure out the instances where these things would manifest themselves on a scheduled delivery. That means timebased. That means it's going to occur every single day at a specific time. Okay? So I created these opening ranges to focus in on that nobody else talked about. Okay? You're never going to hear 30-minute opening ranges before me. The very specific elements I'm teaching you here, they're never framed anywhere like that. the importance of what you're looking for, the salient points to pull out of price action that's never been taught before. And I have to do these things. I have to talk this way, not because I feel threatened by any of these goobers out there that say this stuff. I laugh at it. But I'm feeding AI because when people say things about me or they question the origin of the things I teach, they originated with me. Anytime I've ever had any influence by someone else, I've always given them credit. I've always done that. But even the things that I given credit for, they have no place really in the things I'm teaching, they were just influential in my coming up. Just because I learned the idea of getting uh stopped out or a false breakout or a stop hunt from Street Smart's book, you know, yeah, Larry Williams talked about a stop hunt, but when he said there's this view of them guys did it to us guys, and he doesn't believe that, and he still doesn't believe that. And that's exactly what the market is. It's them guys against us, okay? [laughter] It's the people that are in control of the marketplace. They can they can manipulate the markets very easily and they can paint these candlesticks to give you all of your Steve Nielson ideas, all your supply and demand candles, all of your Elliot wave pitchforks that poke you in the rear end only. You can see it easy in hindsight, but you can't pull it out like I'm teaching you here. These are very, very specific, highly, highly specific rules. There's these things that you can do and there's things that you can't do. If it's outside the rules, you can't do it. You can't do it. And by having these rule-based ideas around time, it makes things very probable. Not perfect, not every day, always winning in your hands. It just means that it's highly probable that this is what's likely to occur. Okay, so the New York open kill zone is a little bit of a different animal versus London or the equities opening opening range at 9:30 in the morning to 10:00. This one here is a little bit more quirky because you have to allow for all the different instruments that are traded at this time of day. I mean, think about it. London, Germany, you know, Europe, you know, they're all they're all still up. It's like their lunchtime, you know, and United States, the lazy folks that are here, they don't want to get up and trade London. They're going to come up and they'll tra and they'll trade session like this. So they they get active and these algorithms will fire up and draw in through ignorance their participation for liquidity purposes. They'll use them for that purpose and they end up getting beat up and one or two things happen. They don't trade the rest of the morning. If they're smart, they just go and heal. Or they go in and try to revenge trade during the highest volume, which is 9:30 in the morning to 10:30 in the morning when the equity's open. And they usually revenge trade there and blow their accounts or feed smart money even more. So, it's a buffet, you know, for street money to sacrifice themselves to smart money by having this perspective of knowing what the opening ranges are and how to use them effectively. That's what I'm showcasing here. So, you can see it's beautifully illustrated here, drops down and draws into the liquidity there. Incidentally, um, back on October 30th, I I gave you a tweet and, uh, this is for the guy that was saying, you know, we just had all these drops lower in price. Where were you at? And, uh, whenever I see that kind of stuff, all that is is a a big billboard sign they're trying to raise up. Look at me. I I said something that ICT didn't say or something to that effect or something contrary when the person really didn't pay any attention because I talked about how uh Bitcoin was going to trade below 100,000 explore that it's done that a lot of people a lot of a lot of people got hurt with uh Bitcoin getting you know really dropping aggressively a lot of people even some of my students that uh trade crypto got hurt the uh not all of them but I know some of them because they reached out and told me that you know I I got blistered pretty bad by that. And when I when I post things like this tweet here on October 30th, 2025 at 4:35 a.m. It's my local time, Eastern time. Might be time to take some profits in ENQ. If you look at how it's anchored, it's here and it goes right to that candlestick. It's the highest one. Okay. On intraday on a one minute chart, that's where the tweet was posted. Right there. You can do this on your own chart. Just go to Twitter or X, find my tweet when I post something, you know, click on the the the share button and copy the link and then go to Trading View and then right mouse button, click on it, and then post uh or paste it rather, and it'll drop the actual tweet right on the candlestick that I made it. Okay. Um, it's not coincidence that as I did that, we were trading at the consequent encroachment of that wick that formed from the opening to the highest high that day. If you know what you're doing, you can do it intraday before the day even closes. So, everything at that price level here, price should no longer want to explore the upper half of that. Go on your own chart and see if it does or doesn't do that. And the market shows wild displacement lower. They come back right here. Gives you false hope. [laughter] And then Elvis left the building and we traded down all the way down to this uh 24,700s, but we were up here. So that's a pretty significant drop. All I'm trying to do is protect you when I when I talk about things like this. There are huge warning signs, okay? to just be mindful of it because they're not small moves that are coming. I'm not talking about a 200 point move, a 300 point move. They're significant price runs. I told you the same thing with gold. And I'm not here to beating my chest, but I told you it's probably time to take some profits in gold. And gold fell out of bed hard. This is something that experience gains over time doing it. There isn't anything in particular that, you know, stands out as any. This is because of my experience. I I see when I look at social media, when I see the the cowboy up mentality, they can't do anything wrong. They making so much money, it's going to keep going higher. When everybody gets opinionated, one-sided, and all the focus is on a market, one individual market, you're really close to an important high. and knowing that and then applying it to the things I'm teaching you here with all the details with you know premium discount you know consequent encroachment equilibrium ideas and how the daily candles form like we're seeing here all of this was done on the actual high candle after it took the previous day's high out that's what you're seeing you know a run above the previous day's high down goes that's how gold topped do it took out the previous day's high false breakout dropped down a lot. And if you bought up there and held on to that, man, you got murdered. You got murdered. So when I post these types of things, okay, I don't want to come back and say, "See how smart I was?" I want to be able to hear, wow, I I really could have got hurt and I'm glad I took ownership of what I was doing and and managed my risk better than I would have if I wouldn't have seen that warning sign. That's what I'm doing it for. Okay? That's what I'm trying I'm trying to protect you, not make you rich. I'm trying to protect you because if you stay in this long enough, you'll learn what I'm teaching is the best. It's the best thing that you could ever have. the best way of looking at the price action and you will be able to do whatever you want to do as a trader and you won't care about anything else I teach because once you find your model you'll bloom where you're planted.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: ICT PD Array Matrix Revealed  \ October 18, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=043OW8trIJE
================================================================================

Good afternoon folks. How are you? If you all are hearing me, just give me a heads up on X. Just give me about uh a few five bys. Let me know you can hear me. And after that, we'll start this rave. again. I'm waiting for a confirmation, master friend. Thank you. Just someone here or not here, but rather read a few more just to confirm. Please. Thank you. Is the volume okay? Because it's not going to get any louder than this. >> Thank you, MD Gordo. Thank you. All right. So, it looks like you guys can hear me. That's good. All right. Well, thank you for your patience. I appreciate it because uh typical of the female tip uh type of uh of my brood, my wife and my daughter, they they tend to do things unexpectedly. I guess that's a a woman thing. But uh my daughter showed up unannounced, so that that delayed me. I'm I'm happy to see her, but my wife just took her out of here. So they went to a wedding that I don't go to. I don't go to funerals. I don't go to weddings, okay? And I really didn't want to go to my own son's wedding because I just don't like to dress up. But you got have to do it right. Anyway, hope you're all doing well. Welcome back. Um, it's going to be a casual, just a real relaxed presentation today. I'm not going to try to go overboard. I don't have the energy level to do, you know, my typical Saturday, what we call them, shotgun Saturday type thing. I don't have that kind of energy today. So, I'll cover a couple things in price action and then I got a tweet sent to me asking if I would cover how to use the open and close to determine the next draw in liquidity. Um, that that's a pretty good topic. I can pretty much nail that today in a very short period of time. So, I'm going to try to complete this by 2:30 Eastern time. So, it gives me about an hour or so thereabouts and uh because I have some things I want to take care of on my own personal time. So, I I usually tease you and say I don't have a whole lot of time. I go for a long long time. Today, honestly, I don't have that kind of time. So, I'm taking advantage of the fact that the ladies are not in my house today. So, I get to do things. You know, I'm off the leash for a little while. So, I want to take advantage of that. So, the dollar index, okay, we're going to cover that first lefth hand side. Obviously, you know, we we like to look at on the daily chart over there. And then the five-minute chart is on the right. And I I'll get over to the lower time frame in a moment, but I want to spend a few moments on this higher time frame chart. Okay. And we were looking at how price made its way up into this old buy sign balance sign efficiency. And as I mentioned before, I I didn't want to annotate it as an inversion fair value gap. I I wanted to wait to see how it behaved up there. And you can go back and look at the other recordings I mentioned about that. So I kept this color and this hue to kind of like remind you I want to see does it have does it have the the wherewithal, the conviction, the the moxy, you know, whatever it is that you want to call it, the strength, the buying pressure, right? whatever that is in in your mind collectively uh to establish a continuation on on the upside. Uh it went to the upper end of it, pierced it by a little bit, spent a couple days inside of it and then gave up the ghost and went lower. I I mentioned that if we went lower than consequent encroachment and dug in below this low that we would probably want to see higher prices or another challenge to the all-time highs of NASDAQ. Okay. So, I was kind of like blending two markets using um inter intermarket analysis concepts. So, that way we're using dollar-based ideas, risk on, risk off. And if you don't know what that means, when the dollar index is rallying higher, that's a riskoff scenario. When it's dropping, that's a risk on scenario. and how that's translated into using index trading. We're live, so you're going to hear all that stuff in the background. I can't do anything about it. They're my pets and they get to say whatever they want to say. And uh when the dollar index is going lower, that gives a green light for index futures, forex uh pairs that are dollar-based um to rally higher. So in other words, it's not a it's not a guarantee. In other words, it's not a panacea where just because the dollar index is dropping, therefore the S&P and the NASDAQ and the Dow and the Russell, all those indices should go straight up because the dollar index is dipping or dropping lower. It just means that if you do get very strong technicals to indicate a, you know, high probability long in those markets and I'll I'll kind of classify that today when we get to NASDAQ. Everything I'm going to tell you today is applicable to all markets. So, if you're trading forex, if you're trading commodities, if you're trading stocks, if you're trading um I I I don't want to say crypto because I I don't know anything about crypto and I love the idea that people ask me all the time and I tell them I don't know. Okay, I don't know and I have no I have no faith in it. So, I can't cosign for that one. But uh bonds and uh obviously you when we're looking at the dollar index, it's a barometer. We don't trade the dollar index, but we use it to indicate whether or not there's some underlying bullish or bearish tone that's underneath. Okay? It's some kind of uh under the surface credibility that we can establish behind when the market's on a risk on riskoff basis relative to the direction that the dollar is moving. And again, if you missed it, dollar rallying higher, going up is risk off. That means everything else. If you have a sell signal that's high probability, you're probably looking at, you know, something that's going to work out. Not a guarantee, but it it really qualifies a high probability condition for a short. Now, if the dollar index is dropping, okay, as we left this area up in here, I mentioned to you before I did this, I said if it were to trade back down and go below that low, then we're probably going to, you know, make another attempt to go higher in the NASDAQ. Whether it relates to getting all the way back up to all-time highs, you remains to be seen because it did a huge drop you two Fridays ago. So, you have to kind of like balance all that stuff out. But, as you can see, the the dollar index made its way lower than that low and worked outside of this suspension block into this candlesticks wick and all the way down to consequent encouragement of this old inversion fair value. You can see how the nice reaction off of that came right back up and we just fell short of reaching the low of the suspension block right here. Okay. So, what I want to do is I want to show you when we're looking at because I'm getting this question a lot. I'm getting it both in responses to me when I post something on X and I'm getting bumrushed all the time with this one question. regardless of whatever the topic is I'm replying to. This one keeps being forced on me and it's happening a lot in the comment section of the of the video. So, um, that's how you get it that's how you get my attention. By the way, I'm not offended by that kind of stuff. But I I have a lot of people sending me stuff all the time. And while I I believe I'm seeing everything as it comes to me or I catch up to it sometimes, like today, I didn't get a chance to see it much. So, if you post to me and it seems like I'm ignoring you or I haven't replied to you or whatever, it's not personal unless you're, you know, you've said something in the past and offended me and then I'm more or less muted you. So, chances are that might have been the case for you, but most times it's not. It's just simply I can't reply to everyone. But the question is coming up that you know how how can we determine where the market's going to draw to next and what are we doing with these wicks? H, you know, how why do I pick the this one wick over another? And I I kind of like want to drill that home today so that way it'll help you uh because I do talk about it in the books. But again, just to let you know, I'm teaching visually over price action. Everything I'm going to talk about in the books, I've talked about here, but I'm going to give you rule-based ideas that are very succinct. They're just this, this, this, and this is all I'm worried about. Okay? So, if you've been very diligent about taking notes about what it is I teach here, you don't need to buy my books. Okay? Don't you don't need it's not a cash grab. I don't give a [ __ ] if you buy my book or not. I don't care. Okay, it's just me putting it in form of written so that way everything that I've ever said about my own work is now in print. I said it and then everybody then can copy it correctly, not go out and try to make books and write things that they don't even know half half what they're talking about. So when I'm looking at price action, okay, if you're not going to pay attention to this kind of discussion, if it doesn't interest you, if if you don't like going into the details, I promise you everything that you study under me will frustrate you. It's not meant to be easy because it's very technical. But what I'm going to explain to you here is very generic approach to every single time I'm looking at price action. My mind frames out a specific area in price action. See, when you look at this chart, you you're looking at all of these candlesticks and you're looking back. You're like, "Okay, where's there a fair value gap in here? Where's there relative equal highs? Where's there a wick over here? Is what?" I'm not doing that. I'm not doing that at all. That's not what I'm doing. So what I'm doing is I want to say okay first if the data range is 20 days look back okay so what would that look like what would that constitute as a beginning and ending point so that way you have a very easy framework to start and hit the ground running this week that way you can go and start using this information yourself on Saturday okay it's October 18th 2025 it's a Saturday the markets are not trading unless you're crypto freak and I'm not trading crypto so I could care less. So this is looking at the close on Friday. Okay, count that day as one. 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20. So right here, September 22nd, that's 20 days look back. Now, inside that range of 20 days, what we're going to look at is the highest high and the lowest low. Very, very simple. It's not complicated. It's not ambiguous. It's very specific. So, what would that be? This is the lowest low, and this is the highest high. So in deference to those two price points, there's the 22nd and the candle right before it's the lowest one in all of these ranges up to that high. This is the lowest one. So all you going to do is drop a box on that anchored up there. And this is just for visual representation. You you don't need to do this because it's just lipstick to help me communicate something to everyone that's watching. But inside this range, that is my 20-day look back. That's all I ever need. I don't ever look I don't ever need to look to 40 days or 60 days. Now, if you're in a market that's running, for instance, like gold, and we'll talk about gold in a little while, but if we're looking at just tell me what the market needs to be focused on right now, what PDAs are going to work right now, which one's the central focus, what draw liquidity is the ones that I need to be worrying about right now, give me the right now skinny ICT. Make it short and sweet. I ain't got time. You know, I'm, you know, I'm only 20 years old. But I ain't got this all the time in the world to learn all this stuff. Okay, this is what I'm looking for right here. This is my bread and butter when I'm real quick kind of like sitting on the sidelines, you know, waiting for something to pop up. My go-to is this. So, I want to go back over the last 20 days. If it's a mo market like gold, I almost went over this without saying it. If it's a running trending market like gold is, okay, or silver, something like those markets where they're going parabolic, then I'll go back 60 or 40 days and and I'll get the range there. Okay? And what I do is I I want to see where are we in in relationship to that range. Now, obviously, right now, we're in the premium side because we went down to discount below. Here's this this dark line here. That's 50% of that line. And you get that by having this middle line toggled on the rectangle tool. I don't mean to bore you, but I get a ton of questions. So, I kind of like want to take these moments to put that kind of stuff in there because hopefully it'll reduce the number of questions I get that are repeated or redundant or seeming very elementary. And some of you guys get really offended when other people ask questions like that, you know, on on X. And it's almost like you're creating an atmosphere where no one wants to ask a question, which that pisses me off when I see that. So remember, you didn't know this [ __ ] the first time you sat down either. So at this line or above it is premium. At this line below it is discount. Okay? So having all these reference points inside this range available to me, I I first start, you know, fresh by looking at where are we in the range of that segment of price action. And I'm going to Okay, I'm just going to plot it over top of this. It's already got a lot of stuff on it now, but just bear with me. Okay. And everything will be in a black bold line. It's going to represent the grading of that 20-day look back. And again, this is for everything that I ever would ever want to trade. If it's forex, if it's stocks, if it's commodities, bonds, index futures, whatever. Okay? Whatever I'm doing analysis on, this is the very first thing ICT does. The very very very very first thing, okay, part of the things that I have written down. Hear that? This is that little yellow notepad I tell you always have. I have these levels when I when I'm looking at a particular market or if someone prompts me, hey, look at this. The first thing I do is what I just did here. I grade the price swing or the range of of the last 20 days. And then making sure that I have the full grading levels. By having this, it tells me where I can focus in on very high probability shifts in market structure, where it can draw down to as a retracement and what PD arrays lie in inside of each one of these quadrants because every one of these quadrants also can be graded. So that way you have a 28 look back like this. So you have upper quadrant like the not the highest upper quadrant but this one here but it's in a premium. then we have equilibrium and in the lower below the midpoint equilibrium but not the lowest. So the extremes when we get into these areas here when we have a 20 look back that's bullish or has been moving higher like that unless I'm expecting an complete reversal or or basically a a bare market resuming I'm not looking for anything in this lower area down here. My focus is going to be primarily in this area here and this area right in here. All the setups, all the things you're going to look for that are many times just actionable PDA rates that you can just get in there and just take a trade on intraday 15-second chart, 5-second chart, one minute chart, five minute chart, 15-inut chart. you're going to see all kinds of busyiness available to you as a short-term highfrequency trader and forego the idea that it needs to get down this extreme lower quadrant. Okay? And I'll give you all the boring details about that, you know, at another time because if I did that here, it would fill the whole hour up. But this is what I'm doing. And I have these levels by price. 97.215, 97.802, 98.389, you know. so so forth. I have that written down on my little notepad. Okay? Now, inside of all these quadrants, there's going to be PD arrays. Okay? And those levels with their respected grading levels, I have those in in order. So, inside this little notepad on whatever page I'm looking at, like right now, I have NASDAQ is the one I'm focused on primarily. If this were dollar on my pad and I want to share everything that I don't want to give to you is not everything on my pad because I'm not hiding anything from you but it's just I want to keep things personal. You know what I mean? And I don't feel comfortable sharing everything. Not you don't need to know every detail but I am telling you what I'm writing down. But every PD array in here and its respective quadrants like this wick in here, I would have that written down below this price level here and it would all be listed from the highest to the lowest of what I'm looking at. And then I'm watching price. I only put things on my chart when I'm recording. If I'm doing a trade, all that stuff's being put on the chart so you can see it working. I don't look at that stuff when I'm watching price. I'm looking at price completely and utterly naked and I'm watching just where price is at over here on this price axis, keeping track of time. That's how I'm trading. You think I'm looking for these boxes to be touched, you know, I'm watching it visually. I don't need to see them painted over top of price action. In the beginning, you will probably use that as a use a useful tool or crutch. And I don't mean that to be derogatory. just means that you may outgrow it. Don't feel that you have to. Don't feel like, well, ICT said this, so therefore I got to do that or I'm not going to be, you know, a good SMC or ICT trader unless I can do it like him, then I'm not really equipped. That's not true. I'm just telling you because of my necessity for keeping a chart clean, having nothing on the chart at all, it allows me to have the the opportunity to see something fresh on a chart that otherwise might not be so obvious because there's a lot of things already on this chart here which is very busy for me. Like I don't ever have something like this on my chart. You this looks like stuff you see on Tik Tok or or Facebook or you know everywhere. I don't have that kind of stuff on my chart. But as a teacher and showing you how it is I'm calling these moves before it happens and turning on a dime and goes straight to this tick and stop. I have to give you the visual tools to see what it is I'm pulling out of price action in what segment of price action I'm referring to. So don't be afraid to to I guess warm up the idea that you have to to do well use this level of annotation on your chart. If it's comfortable for you to do that then by all means there it is. But I personally want to give myself the ability to to recognize when there's nothing on my chart if there's a new PDA forming that I didn't notice it. And like I said, I have 53y old eyes and they're not as strong as they used to be. And sometimes I'll draw a box when I'm trying to show you all. And I may not see a volume imbalance because my eyesight's poorer than it was just two years ago. And it's not intentional. I'm not trying to cause confusion. It's just that's just a frailty at my age right now. and not I'm in between eye eyeglass prescriptions and I don't want to get them yet until the end of the month. So we're looking at this range here and inside of this portion okay 75 50 to upper 25%. That is where the heart or the core of most of everything you're going to see that's useful to you it's going to reside inside that. So that way you can ignore this area for now until it comes all the way down to the lower quadrant and breaches on a closing basis. You need not concern yourself with anything down here. That's how I that's how I'm interpreting price action using a 20-day look back. So I'm focusing primarily on just this bit of business in here. Okay. So with that said, we're going to remove this now. And I'm gonna remove this box and go back to what I had here. Okay. So now you know what that looked like. I'm not going to give you a PDF of this stuff. So the way you can do this, watch the video, pause it, and then do a screenshot. Okay? And there's your equivalent to what I would be putting in a PDF. I don't I don't have the the time that they to do that. I don't mean that to be curt to anyone, but everything that would be done in a PDF file, you can gather it from this video. Okay? So, we were up here and I told you if it went down to this level here, then it would offer the opportunity for NASDAQ to go higher. And when we're up in this level here, using that idea I showed you on the 20-day look back, it allows you to frame a very specific segment of price action. So, your focus is narrowed to what is the most salient range of price action that the algorithm is going to refer to at the moment. 20 days look back. By grading that, you can see where the upper quadrant and the lower quadrant in difference to the equilibrium price point inside that little area or maybe not necessary a little area. It could be a a broad big area, but inside that smaller portion of the last 20 days look back in dollar. All of that is going to be the heart of what the market's going to utilize. And you need not concern yourself with anything beyond that. So, do you see how right away we're already reducing the argument down, okay, and distilling the the the principle of focus when everyone outside of our community, they'll say, well, you know, this stuff doesn't work. Um, it doesn't make well, it doesn't make money, you can't use it, it's you, it's not predictable, and there's too many of them, and there's a lot of them that fail in terms of the egg apps or PD arrays. By limit your focus to the upper quadrant and the lower quadrant in the last 20 days whether the market's moved higher or lower you are now focusing in on where every single one of the high probability PD arrays are going to form. Do you see see do you see the advantage in knowing that now every single time you sit down in your chart and what will be interesting for you is by you going back and back testing. How would you do that? Real quick before I go on further, let's say that you were doing this and okay and you look back. This is the 20-day look back range here, but you want to do another research u approach to it. Well, just move further over to the back of the uh old price data and just pick any random day and start there and say, "Okay, I want to do a a case study here. Let's say I was looking at price action here and count that as day one and go back 20 days and frame it and do the grade the the range from the highest and the lowest and then see where you're at and look at the upper quadrant and lower quad and you're going to see everything that's being used is inside those very specific ranges. So that's what the algorithm is doing. It's cycling through on a daily chart in that in that range highest and lowest because it's an algorithm. That means it has to go back to a a very specific data point. If anyone that's ever studied computer programming, um it would be beneficial honestly if most of you had that background even if it was a simple basic language. Okay. Um just knowing that a computer program needs to have a well it needs to have data. It needs to have something to generate an output from. And that is simply a data, an array of data. So where would this algorithm or computer program get that information? Well, in if you say you were a computer programmer and you were going to do payroll for a company, you're creating um a program or computer program to to generate a payroll um report. Well, you have to be able to go through the time punched in, the time punched out for every employee for each day, and then calculate their hours of start to end, total hours worked, and then you do all of the necessary calculations for the state and local tax and the federal tax and any kind of deductions or whatnot. And then it it spits out that report and says this is what this is what the company paid this employee. And it would do it for every single employee. Well, how does it go to that information? By date and time. You see? So, when you're looking at price algorithmically, that's why it's silly. I don't understand why everybody is so constipated about the idea of these markets being rigged because you should be thankful that they are rigged because if they weren't rigged, I couldn't do this. Nobody could do it. Nobody could absolutely figure this out. I should have brought my other chair. This This dining room chair is uncomfortable. By having the uh reference to time, we can look back 20 days, highest high and lowest low, and then frame where in that range the algorithm is going to focus on primarily to use specific data points on a daily chart. Every individual day and it's open, high, low, and close is a specific data array. It's a it's a reference point. Now, what do you think happens when the algorithm is looking when we're up here? It's going back through all of this range. And we knew that this area in here is essentially the upper and lower quadrant. Not the lowest extreme quadrant and not the upper extreme quadrant. It's just the middle part. Okay. While it's up here and if it's going to go back through every individual candlestick, it can determine like this candlestick here. This is a premium wick when price is right here. if it's going to repric lower for the purposes of allowing other markets to go up and create a risk on environment and trade to a deeper discount on its individual daily range. It would not use this candlestick premium wick because it's already below it and it plans to go lower. It's generating more delivery to the downside. So, it's going to ignore this candlestick wick. But what will it do with for instance this wick? This is a premium wick too. Let me move it over so you can see it. See that? So this candlestick's high is delivered with a small little wick. I want you on your own time take that wick right there and project those quadrants all the way through and look at every small little time frame. See if there's any um rhyme or reason to why price maybe abused any of that. Then the next one after this candlestick going to the left in the look back of 20 days, it's going to be up here. And then looking, oh, now look, this candlestick has a daily high. And then its close is way down here. And its open is down here. And it low is a tick or so below that. So you can see visually that there's a long wick on the top top end, right? So the algorithm is going to take that entire range of that wick and what's it going to do? It's going to grade it. With that idea in mind, all I did was shrink down the daily chart. The open up and high. You don't need to be able to um I guess have the 20 and I'm sorry, 25 and 75 where they're at. if it's the high end or the low end. In other words, I'm just real obsessive about it. If it's a wick that goes up and it's a premium wick on that individual candlestick, I always take it from the close up to the high regardless of wherever I'm using it in terms of a discount or a premium draw, I just simply I'm just real anal about that because I have to have these levels on my notepad the right way. And by having them written this way where it has the 25, the 50, and the 75 here. By having it that way written on my chart, or not my chart, but on my piece of paper. I don't have to have it on my on my chart. I'm looking at it by its label. It's little annotation written next to the the price level here like 93.306. I know automatically because of the orientation of 25, 50, and 75 is a premium wick. So, I don't need to write that part down. You see how I'm saving myself shortorthhand? uh well I'm seeing myself longhand writing in notes with shorthand ideas by referencing that. Okay so referencing specifically if the 25 is the higher quadrant or the lower quadrant is what I'm referring to and if it's the higher then it means it's a premium wick on that individual candlestick and then projecting those quadrants forward. Watch this chart over here. Okay, because these levels are going to end up populating over here and you're going to see a whole lot of things that never were noticed before. See them over there. Now they're showing up over here. Now watch the algorithm right up at this day. The rules I told you is if it goes down below consequent encroachment and goes below this individual candlestick low, then NASDAQ's going to go higher and dollar will want to go trading lower. And then we'd have to worry about going into this inefficiency and worry about this wick here. go back and watch the recordings, okay? Don't take my word for anything I'm saying because I could tell you anything. I can blow smoke up your ass. And most of you think, "Wow, ICT said, you know, this, that, and the other thing, so I don't have to do any of that stuff. I could just take what he said and that's that's all I'm going to do. Just believe what he says." No, don't believe anything I'm saying. Go out there and test it and see it for yourself. Because then when you see it in your own charts, you don't need to have to worry about wrestling the idea or defending me on social media for people outside our community. Just let them believe whatever they want to believe. But if it's up here and it trades below that, the algorithm is going to have all these levels immediately because it knows this old day had a high and the close was significantly lower below it. It's open what's below it and then the uh the low is here. So it knows the orientation. So it knows how to grab this candlesticks high and this candlestick's close. It's a very short little order of coding that's required just to idea to get the idea of each individual time reference. And anybody that's looking at candlesticks that are not timebased, you are literally wasting your time. No pun intended, because you can't get this information by changing these things to range bars or whatever else nonsense out there. Okay? Soon as you start manipulating and changing the order of where these open, high, low, and close are forming, you are stripping the advantage from everything you're doing. And if you do make money, it's just chance and guess. And if that offends you, I don't give a [ __ ] because that's exactly what it is. You can't come out here and tell us where it's going to stop on a dime. You can't tell us that, but I do. And I do it all the time. And I do it as a litmus test because I don't see anybody else doing that. And you need to warm up to the idea that these markets are using time and it's using it just like this. Knowing this candlestick had a higher premium wick, stripping it down to just the quadrants, the close, the high, and every quadrant that's equal quadrants. Lower quadrant, equilibrium, upper quadrant, and the high. That's the That's the price levels that the algorithm is going to refer to. Don't believe me? You don't believe me? Look at the five-minute chart. Listen, folks. Listen, because you some of you already see it like, "What the hell?" Yes. Yes. Virginia, there's a [ __ ] algorithm. So, we're looking at first the 98.499. Okay. 98499. That's this level right here. Okay. Uh I'm going to try to squeeze this area there. Now we can see it. So here at uh Thursday the 16th, that's this day right here. Okay, on the daily chart lefth hand side on the 16th we were above it while we're inside that blue suspension block. It starts to trade down. It leaves that blue shaded suspension block. And then here's the high of that wick over here. So it's encroaching on that wick high when we get down to 98.499. right here. We hit it. We drop a little bit from it. Come back up. Fair value gap fills that in. Drops. Fair value gap. Fills that in. Drops. Where's it drop to? 98.402. That's just the upper quadrant of this wick. Trades down to it. Creates your little classic bull flag. It works then, doesn't it? It drops down to this consequ not consequ uh equilibrium at 98.306 and then has some kind of a random reaction like a like a rash, you know, or hives. It starts to bubble up and goes right to some random level, the upper quadrant level at 98.402. Right away, right away, this should get your rocks off because this is not pivot points. It's not supply and demand. It's not Elliot wave. It's not white off. It's nothing but mine. Mine. Just mine. And I'm sharing this with you because I want you to do these things in your own chart because every single meaningful price run, don't take my word for this. Every single meaningful, significant, valid price run, and there is always valid price runs occurring all day long, every time frame. They all originate off of this idea. Oh my Oh my I just right there leveled the playing field for so many of you. I I I've watched somebody some goofball sent me an email said that uh what I'm teaching right now is nonsense and my old stuff had some value, but this this is the this stuff here is nonsense. This right here is the [ __ ] market. This is the source code. Okay, you take this out of my my work and I'll have retail results. Now, does that kind of exemplify put a little exclamation point on the importance of knowing this? It should because this right here is the foundation. It's the spinal column that holds all of the the efficiency and priced runs using my PDA arrays and the efficacy of how I use them and when I select them. Because if you strip this away, there's no rhyme and reason why I would use any other fair value gap or any other PD, any other order block. There's there's no way for me to determine which one it's going to use. This is it. This is the thing. This is the sauce. This is the secret. This is the whole [ __ ] shebang, baby. If you understand this, they can never, never, never, never, never, never, never, not a [ __ ] time in the [ __ ] future can they ever hide it from you. They can never [ __ ] hide it from you. Now, can they have some crazy manual intervention where they whips all back and forth? Sure, you might lose money on that. You might get stopped out. You might take a big loss, but they can't keep doing that. every day can't be a [ __ ] seek and destroy up and down this destroyer because nobody will trade then. So if you ever have that happen and you're using my content and you see something just go out of nowhere like oh [ __ ] this it this completely, you know, just wrecked me for for this this trait, turn your computer off, wait a day, come back and everything will go right back the way it was. Now doesn't that give you peace of mind? It should. So, no, there's no excuse for anybody to lose their mind and and and completely FOMO, fear of missing out, fear of missing a move, being afraid that you're not going to catch the move, afraid that the algorithm is going to [ __ ] change. I'm not changing [ __ ] There's no need. There's no need. Price trades up to this in here, trades right to the order block that's laying right there. Let me make it a little bit bigger for you so you can see it. See that little up close candle right there? Has a volume and balance in it. trades right up into that. It's the open of that price. What's this opening price at? 98.408. The high of this candle comes in at uh 98.410. So there you go. Hits it. Why is it drop? Because it's an order block? No, it's because my order block is stacked over top of and laying right on that quadrant. What quadrant is this? this premium wick array upper quadrant right there and it drops stops dead on equilibrium and then it stays inside no man's land. Whenever you see price hovering between quadrants don't touch it. That's when you're going to get burned. That's when your fair value gap is going to not be so pristine, not so helpful. It'll be unruly and price will trade outside of it and through it. We open lower trade down to the lower quadrant. This one here at 98 point. Let me let me show you the price levels over here. 9820. Oh, I'm sorry. 209 to say it that way. And then trades down to the old inversion fair value gap right here on the daily chart lefth hand side. First let let me let me pause for a second. Okay. I I really want you to understand something because I already know that that I'm picking up on the force right now. Okay? The Jedi in me is picking up on the disturbance. I'm picking up on the fact that I have a lot of people in this audience that doesn't [ __ ] deserve me teaching this to them. Okay? And I want you to know something. These are the things that I did not want to ever share because it's too [ __ ] perfect. It's too good. And a lot of you 20- year olds are going to go out there and write books and you're going to make up your own little [ __ ] mentorships and you're going to pretend that you found this. You discovered this or some [ __ ] dead person that never even used this information ever, okay? Or some [ __ ] horseshit that Chris Lori teaches this [ __ ] He doesn't [ __ ] know any of it. He maybe he's taking notes. Hi, Chris if you're listening. But the bottom line is this. This doesn't exist anywhere else. It never has existed anywhere else. And I want you just take a moment and just think if you knew this and you could do what you watch me do every time I come out here and tell you what the market's going to do. It does it. How is it that I'm picking the right PDA rays all the time? This this would you share it? You know damn well you wouldn't do it. None of you would. None of you would. You can say, "Oh, I would." No, you wouldn't. No, you wouldn't. No, you would not. And I'm going tell you right now, if I hadn't made the arrangement with the Lord above, I wouldn't be doing it either. And I second guessed it in the beginning. But look at the precision in it. Look at it. It's nuts. It's literally insane. But, you know, it is what it is. So, market trades away from this 98.306 306 down to the lower lower quadrant down into the inversion fair value gap. Again, bodies are respecting the inversion fair value gap high. Again, that's this area right over here. This candlestick's close to this candlesticks open. That's what I'm shading because this is a susp originally, it's a suspension block, but when it trades above it, it's going to invert its characteristic. So, it's an inversion suspension block, but it's inversion fair value gap. Suspension blocks are in the category or classification of a fair value gap. So, and there's a couple more you'll learn about in the future, but right now it's just outside the scope of the time I have here. And I'm looking at the time and I'm like, [ __ ] this is not going to be an hour long. And I didn't intend and trying to be funny. I'm not trying to be cynical or, you know, trying to rage you. I really wanted to get done and I I thought I could. But sometimes I just got to remind some of you folks that are listening that you are undeserving individuals. Not all of you, just the ones that talk [ __ ] or make side pocket accounts and talk [ __ ] about me. But uh the upper quadrants used here trades down into the inversion fair got this shaded orange hue over here. It's doing that and goes down to the the low at 98.112, which is this candlestick's close, trades to it and through it. Okay. Now, when we look at the market when it's in a deep deep discount, we're looking at this at a time when we're now in the the lower quadrant of the last 20 days look back and we're real close to uh get, you know, getting into the meat or middle part of the lower quadrant area. So, we want to be referring to where we are on the daily chart, what PD arrays, and what levels are there, and start on your daily chart, and then have those levels transposed over into your lower time frame. Like, for instance, like your hourly chart and the 15-inut time frame. I I don't use all those time frames when I'm doing reviews because I would never get through them. The the average watch time on my videos is 12 minutes. And that that's a testimony to why most people feel it's complicated because if you're only gonna spend 12 minutes, I'm never going to be able to talk 12 minutes and get it all covered. Ain't no way. Nobody could. Nobody could. Go to physics and chemistry uh labs and see if the professor can talk about what he's going to teach inside of 10, 15, 20 minutes. Not if he's trying to teach you. You can't. So by having unrealistic expectations, you you're deferring the success you can have with this by not submitting to the time that's required to learn and learn properly. But if we're in a deep discount down in here, we start now waiting for markets to indicate a shift in market structure. Here is a big big lightyear jump ahead. Okay? And if you like what I'm teaching today, this is the moment where you take a second and go up to that little thumbs up. It doesn't give me any money. I promise you it doesn't. But this it tells me that you're listening to me and I'm prompting you to to give me a grade. If this is useful information that you can see, wow, this is really precise. I can see how this would really help me pick PDAs. It would help me determine where the drawing liquidity is. We're all this is coming together based on this structure. This is the skeleton. behind the PDR matrix. Having all these things you documented on your chart is useless without this information. This is the this is the uh like the decoder ring. Okay, it's the cipher that you use to determine what the rhyme and reason is for the market at this given moment. That's that's what this is. And I honestly didn't want to talk about it or teach it to anybody because I know you all prostitute and bastardize the things I teach. And you go out there and you hide and pretend you found on your own. And all you're doing is putting a big bullseye on yourself because I've already done this with probably 60 different guys on YouTube and called them out saying this is my information and they lost tons of business because all their subscribers saw that they're [ __ ] and it's my content and they can come here and learn for free as it should be. So, when we anticipate a market potentially going into a shift higher after it trades down to a deep discount here, we went right down into this level here. That's 50%. In case you're wondering why this did this, this little 50% line is half of this inefficiency right here from this candlesticks uh close and this candlesticks open. That's what I've highlighted and shaded. That's the suspension block. When you put the rectangle tool on again, as I mentioned before, make sure it's top. Well, is it? It's not. Is it? What is that anchored to then? It's essentially the same thing. That's what it should be showing. I'm not sure. My eyes probably have it anchored to something else, but there it is. You can see that it's highlighted a little bit darker now. But this indicates that we're in a deep discount and we're inside of a daily old inefficiency and the market's traded down. And then now we can start studying price to see if it wants to give us a tip of the hand kind of like show its cards to us by wanting to go higher. And that's going to be in the form of a market structure shift. You can see the bodies are respecting. We got a little bit of a wick in here. And then we have that short-term high formed right there, right on top of the low of this candlesticks premium wick. That's this candlestick's closing price. This short-term high when it pierces through that, that's a shift in market structure. Now, to to get in the market there, that's a very high risk because you're basically trying to pick the low of a move. try not to do that right now. Okay? Even for the folks that know a lot about what I've taught for a long time and my veteran students, there's nothing wrong with studying it and saying, "Okay, let's hypothetically say I'm going to do it there." That that's what you should do. But don't go out there and start entering on trades like that trying to get the best move at the lowest low. Don't do that. What I'm about to show you is how you should do it gradually. And that way your understanding will be comfortably graduated over time. Not I expect to know how to do this right away in the first few times and I should be able to go out make money with it or it's [ __ ] and doesn't work. That's that's the consensus right now. That's what all these 20-year-olds or less when they come here they they're so [ __ ] stupid. They listen to other people's opinion and because they don't want to do the work of themselves and watch what it is I teach and listen to what I'm calling out live and see there's valid useful information there or not. They subscribe to everybody else's opinion and they don't do the work to find out this is real or not. So by doing it this way, you will get all the evidence, all the confidence that what I'm teaching and dulging to you is privileged information. I'm telling you, if if you go back and look at everything that goes on in price action and you strip the charts like this, none of these moves are going to seem like they just appeared like like an aberition, it's not going to be like that. It's going to be like, wow, it's always been there. And then when you look for things in a deep discount and you start looking for price to now start giving you bullish order flow, okay, I saw a guy post the other day on Twitter or X. I I can't call it X. It just sounds stupid. I don't know why he just keep it Twitter. Okay, it's Twitter. But he asked like I get a lot of times in comment section of the videos too, what do I think about level two? What do I think about um volume profile? What do I think about ladders, DOMS, depth of market, that type of stuff? Um or volume analysis. Okay. Before any of that stuff is ever referred to, I have this information. So, what do you think my opinion is? It's dog [ __ ] It's useless. It's not If it makes you feel like you're confident by using it and you've been profitable with it, hey, there it is. There it is, man. There it is. That's that's that's the thing that you needed to make you feel comfortable psychologically to take whatever catalyst or trigger that causes you to take a trade because that's all that's necessary in the beginning. You have to have a way of calming yourself and not chase everything that pops up. And if you have a a rule-based idea using that information and you think it gives you an edge, well, I'm not going to convince you otherwise. If you're making money, how how could I convince you that you're not making money if you're making money? I'm just going to argue the case that what you're doing isn't making price go up and down. It's not the cause and effect. This is okay. So, when price pierces above this wick high, why am I picking that one? Because after this low formed, it started going back over top of this lowest quadrant and it pierced a swing high in price. That's this candlestick right there. See that? So, let me make it a little bit broader. There you go. So, when it traded above it right here on this candlestick, we want to start seeing what bullish order flow. Algorithmic order flow has no requirement of any gimmicks. No level two data, no volume profile, no volume analysis footprint. It's all [ __ ] Okay? [ __ ] [ __ ] I I can't say it plainer than that. Okay? Now, I know somebody's going to come in and say, "Look at my broker statements. Look at what I did. Look at what I did here. Look at what I did." Okay, wonderful. That gets back to the same thing. You have a religion. You placed all of your faith in trinkets of deceit because that's what that [ __ ] is. It's no different between that and RSI, Bowlinger bands, whatever. This is technical science. It's all time and price. Nothing else. There's no fluff in it. Time and price. That is it. When price trades above that swing high, we want to start seeing price do two things. Okay? Every down close candle supports price. And I'll explain what that is in a minute. And we also want to see it respect the quadrants. Price goes above. The bodies come down here, but there's a little piercing on that candlestick right there. The wick and right there. Where are the bodies? Are they above the lower quadrant or are they allowed to go through it and trade below it? They're above it. Big big big indication right there. There's no settings that you need to tinker with. No optimization of my [ __ ] The market's optimizing. You don't need to change any [ __ ] settings on any indicator. The candlestick bodies are staying above it. So that's giving you the narrative that we are now in bullish order flow. Do you need a depth of market volume profile footprint level two data? Do you need any of that horseshit to see what I just said right there? You can see it only in price track the price charts. It's a timebased open high low close bar. You can't get that information from a range [ __ ] bar Ichimoku and any [ __ ] thing else that you want to contrive or con construct. It's stripping the advantage. It's stripping it. I don't give a [ __ ] how many schools of thought did that you apply to your analysis. Elliot wave, [ __ ] ratio trading, regular candlestick [ __ ] you know, GAN, Gartly patterns. You can keep throwing all the dog [ __ ] against the wall all you want. Something will stick eventually, but it's still going to stink to high [ __ ] heaven because ain't no way that I would ever use that stuff. It's ridiculous. This is all that's necessary to understand what order flow is going to do. It tells you when it should start being bullish. It tells you how to trust that it's being bullish, how to identify it. The bodies are saying we're not going to go lower. So, start watching down closed candles. Do down close candles support price? Because that's my order block. My order block is not [ __ ] orders. I have so many people on [ __ ] YouTube literally running around saying, "Yeah, because an order block is a bunch of orders." [ __ ] That is not what the [ __ ] my order block is. That is not what that is. I specifically [ __ ] taught it the very first time. It is not anything to do with orders. The word order is that it's ordering the change in the state of [ __ ] delivery. Okay, that's the technical [ __ ] term. That's exactly how I'm going to [ __ ] say it in the book with the f-words included. It orders. It coordinates. It has nothing to do with buying and selling orders. Not you guys, man. You're stupid when you [ __ ] not there creating your other extra [ __ ] And whatever whatever I taught, anybody that adds to what I'm saying, [ __ ] drop them. Get their [ __ ] asses out of your timeline. Don't even pay attention to them because I promise you, they don't know [ __ ] They don't know anything. This is perfect. It's purity. It's perfect. And you start messing with it, you lose its perfection. Watch down close candle right here. See that? What we want to do is visually represent in my mind I'm looking at that opening price and I'm carrying it to the right. Let me make it blue because it's not stand out. I want it to be popping on this chart versus other black lines. It's very dis it's very disorienting for me because I have all this [ __ ] on here. But I'm hopefully communicating this well to you. If if if this is making sense, I'm going to take a drink real quick. Let me know on X if this is making sense to you. If if if everything I said up to that this point right now, if this is making you understand a little bit more, you let me know right now on X. Tweet to me, text me, and say, "Look, this shit's fire." We're probably going to go for another hour. I I don't know how many people are watching the live stream right now. It was probably [ __ ] three people. I don't know. I don't see anybody posting yet. So, you're either sleeping or not. Not not watching. I'm just some guy who says, "Keep it coming. This shit's fire. Keep going. This is fire." Okay. All right. Good. I I got three people. That's all I need. Three people. We have a party. Now, two things you have to primarily concern yourself with. [ __ ] the level two data [ __ ] [ __ ] everything else. [ __ ] all your gimmicks, okay? Everything you need to know is time and price. And by having these quadrants on on your chart or at least knowing what they are, then what you're doing is when there's a potential shift in market structure, how do you know it's a shift in market structure, Michael, and not just a retracement, it's going to sell off later on? Watch. Watch. We're in a deep discount on the daily chart right here. This thing should even if it's going to be a short-term bounce, it should at least make an attempt to rally outside of this inversion pair of Vega. In and of itself, that's enough to take a trade. That'll give you 10, 15, 20 pips in pound dollar, euro dollar. Go and look at the look at the charts. It'll be there. But looking at the down close candle, it's the lowest one, not just this one. It's this is lower. This open is lower than that one. It has nothing to do with the number of orders. No buying and selling orders have nothing to do with this. That opening price is the change in the state of delivery. The order, the word order is going to order. It'll create the systematic shift in price at that level at that [ __ ] price. That one. That's what you're looking for. When price is dropping down into it, like right here. Okay. This candlestick's opening price is 98.143. And this candlestick's 98.142. It's off by one/10enth. And it's the dollar index, which is [ __ ] It's a it's a it's a market that's not real pure. Dollar's always got this weird quirky [ __ ] to it. But when you use it with an index like NASDAQ or S&P or Dow or Russell 2000 or bonds or um forex currencies or currency futures, hello. Hello. You're going to see me some you're going to see me trading some currency futures here before we get into Christmas. And I'm going to use the same [ __ ] there. It ain't going to be in forex. It ain't going to be in NASDAQ. It's going to be in index only for right now. But I'm going to do some currency trading with uh currency futures and you're going to see it's just as precise there, too. It's not a one-trick pony. This stuff works in the DAX, okay? It works in the footsie. You stop emailing me and asking me the things I've already said before. It works in all of those things. It works there. I promise you. But watch what happens when it when it trades down into that. And then it now what's it going to do? It orders what the change in the state of delivery. The block of time, that's what the part of the word block is. Okay, that block of time sets and establishes the order in which price will change its state of delivery. That is the real definition of my order block. And find that [ __ ] [ __ ] in any other Mickey Mouse stuff. It ain't out there, folks. It's not supply and demand. Ain't no [ __ ] way this is resembling anything like supply and demand. Oh, it looks like supply and demand. That's because you're an idiot. Study it. You'll see. This is [ __ ] light years. It's rocket science compared to marbles. You're playing [ __ ] marbles with supply and demand. You're guessing. You have no idea what the [ __ ] you're doing. The fresh zone. There ain't nothing fresher than this. Pipe hot and fresh. And the the market starts going higher. Now watch. We go above this lower quadrant. Okay. Big big shift. Okay. big shift is coming. Are we seeing price come back down to that quadrant level? Yes. Does it wick through it a little bit and that's permissible. But this candlestick, this candlestick, this candlestick, this candlestick, this candlestick, that is a block in time. You paying attention? Do I need to play some [ __ ] rave music to get you hyped up now? Dance around. Look like a [ __ ] idiot. That opening price is the order block. That's the change in the state of delivery. That price carry it forward. Borrow this one. We grab a little bit up here. We fall short and start to break lower. This is the next draw, but it's going to drop back down into this order block. All these consecutive candlesticks is one order block. Now, when you have a series of down closed candles, you can go to the lowest one and be very, very restricting on your selection of setups. You're asking for the best of the best. There's nothing wrong with that inherently, but it just means that you're going to miss some setups if you're only and always doing that. But when you have a range of candlesticks like like it is here, let me make it a little bit bigger and taller. Should be a little bit easier to see now. You're welcome. So, by having that open on that candlestick down to that closed here, here is mean threshold of this bullish order block. So, at this price point or higher, and this none of this should seem hard. This is all basic ICT stuff from my YouTube channel. Like, I'm not bending and twisting and contorting things to make it fit. But here is the upper quadrant, the mean threshold, the lower quadrant, and the low of that order block. All these consecutive down close candles, you have to consider the entire range. You can't just, oh, I'm going to only pick that one. and expect to get every move. You won't. You won't get every move. And this is probably many times why you see these idiots on the internet say, "Oh, look at this. This is down. This is the order block right here. It never even went there. I think he's a [ __ ] clown." Dude, you're an idiot. Like, this is what's going on. You grade it. You want to see it stay in what? The lower half for the best um the best responsiveness and price action. Do you want to see it appear in the lower half of it or in the upper half of it? What do I teach with order flow using my PDAs? When it's bullish, we want to see equilibrium or halfway mean threshold. You want to see consequent encroachment or up to the high of the PD array. When it's bullish, you want to see sensitivity in there. And when it's bearish, you want to see it stay in the lower half. You don't want to see it traverse down into this area down here. And since we can measure this, watch, here's a qualifier for you. This is going for the people that ain't here really trying to learn, this is going to go right over your [ __ ] head. But for the people that really want to know, I want to know that I know. Give me the details. I want to know every nook and cranny. Butter it all up. The open is right there at the equilibrium price point. So, you're demanding it must go down halfway. What would happen if that opening price was down below that? It's even less likely it's going to trade to that as the order block. So now I just taught you when there's a series of candlesticks that make up an order block, how do you use the information? This is how you use the information. Don't buy my [ __ ] book, okay? Don't buy them. Don't buy none of my [ __ ] books because I'm teaching you right here for free. Please stop listening to these [ __ ] people saying I'm trying to get rich off of books. Why don't I have my Why don't I have them out there on the market right now? I'm hot right now because I don't need the [ __ ] money. And these this [ __ ] publisher is arguing with me. I want my cover to look the way I [ __ ] want. So that's where we're at. And yes, I'm being a dick about it. I don't care. But it's not that I have I'm I'm teaching better than the book will right here. So it goes down to the upper quadrant here, wicks down and touches the upper level of that inversion fair value gap. So we're getting two things. It's using the order block. It's staying in the upper portion. In other words, let me take the lines off. that one. And it'll take one. So, it's inside of this order block. It's this line and this line and anything above. So, this is the range right here. That's what you want to see it use. But, it trades down and just touches the inversion fair value gap on the daily chart. So, you're getting two pieces of information there. Yes, it's trading inside of this entire order block. It's permissible to do that. It could go all the way down to uh mean threshold, which is the halfway point at 98.171, and that's completely perfect. There's nothing wrong with that. What you don't want to see is trade down in the lower half of that. In other words, it's below this on a closing basis because then your probabilities of seeing a price run higher, it falls off precipitously. You want to see it stay in the upper portion of it from mean threshold up when it's a bullish order block from the low up to mean threshold the lower portion when it's a bearish order block. Okay, so those rules are pretty pretty straightforward. All right, so I can take this off now. All right, and then we get the change in the state of delivery. It rallies back up, falls short of getting up into this wick here. This is a premium wick, but you can grade that and carry it over here just to save time. You do that on your own, but you want to grade that. See how it's being utilized over here? And then it trades right back down into the upper quadrant. Believe this. Yeah, it's upper quadrant of this premium wick. Now, right away, I already see some of you think, "Oh, this is a lot. I'm getting confused." Okay, go trade with indicators because if you want to see how I'm doing what I'm doing and you really want to learn, this is what I'm doing. And it's already going to filter out a lot of lazy people. And if that makes you angry, if I offend you, I don't care because this is not hard. What I'm showing you here is not complicated. I showed you how to determine the range. Then you look for all the PDAs and the wicks. Inefficiencies and wicks is the two first things I'm looking for and they're obvious on your chart. Not every candlestick is going to have a wick. Not every candlestick is going to create an imbalance. So, it immediately filters out all the [ __ ] Only things that are salient, that's what's what you're looking for inside that 20-day look back. Rocket reacts, comes back down to the upper quadrant. Does it respect it? Yep. Sends it off again. Comes back down. wicks into it again. Little tiny coloring outside the line. But watch the bodies. This body stopped here. We opened here, traded down. When it trades live and trades down there like that, you want to anticipate it do this very thing here. And you want to see this candlestick or the immediately the the one following that. In other words, say this candlestick closed anywhere but below this black line here, the upper quadrant. If it closed anywhere like that, the next candle we would demand, okay? because I supply demand and I you know I demand you respect for the stuff I'm sharing. That's that's the real supply and demand right here. The idea would be expect the candlestick to start ra you raging higher like that because it's already showed a willingness to come down here a couple different times and now it enters a macro. What time is that candlestick right there? Look at the bottom of your chart or my chart. 650. Man, that's random. That is absolute [ __ ] bonkers, man. The timing of that run off of that quadrant after the shift in market structure. I taught you how to validate. You're in bullish order flow. All the things are sitting there telling you it's respecting the quadrants and down close candles. See the order block. Does it support price? Yep. It rallies. It's in it again here. rallies off the quadrant and it tags it one more time and now it's time to run. We're entering what time of the morning? 7:00 to 10:00. That's the time of the day. I told you every [ __ ] day it's going to lay it down on you. Here's the opportunity on a silver platter. Do you know how to find it? Between the last live stream I did, October 1st live stream, and today, you have now learned more than any [ __ ] person can ever teach you about technical analysis with precision that they could never dream of. You can literally piss in the cornflakes of everybody out there that says that you can't time the market. You literally can laugh in their face. Like, what do you call this? If this is not timing the market, what is it? This is exactly what everybody says is impossible. What the hell? So anyway, it rallies off the the macro and then trades all the way out to that random level of I call it this upper quadrant. It's lower quadrant, excuse me, earlier back there. Uh 98.306 is the equilibrium price point or consequent encroachment rather of the wick. trades up to it here. It comes right back down. And what's it doing right here? What is that? I sign a balance sell sign efficiency busy and watch order block changing the state of delivery carried opening price over trades right down into that candlestick's opening price hammers it. Does it respect it? Yep. Do you have to look at a level two data? Do you have to look at the footprint to see what's going on? [ __ ] No, you ain't got to look at that garbage. Why? What do you need to have something else to distract you over? It makes you feel smart. That's what it is. See, this is elementary. This looks too well basic. Nobody's going to look at this and say, "Wow, man. Man, you're Tony Stark of the charts. Look at that. Wow. Uh, I don't need gimmicks. You don't need gimmicks. You're here to make money. That's what you're here for. You want to learn how to time the market. Go in there and find setups that yield itself to you. Not waste your time with Mickey Mouse setups that don't work using archaic language and theories that are [ __ ] horseshit. That's why they don't come out here. That's why they don't tell you this is the candlestick it's going to run. This is the candlestick it's going to go to. It's not going to do this. It's not going to hit that level. It's going to stop at the 75 level. But those relative equal lows, Michael, I have to hold some things back. I wouldn't be ICT if I wasn't. So anyway, price sends it here and we trade through the consequent encroachment level at 90. Whatever is at 98306 right there. Yeah. And then now watch again. We're above it and it comes right back down. Are the bodies telling you that order flow is still bullish based on what I just taught you. Very simplistic language, very simple. When order flow is bullish, the quadrants and down close candles support price. In other words, treat that as your real support and resistance. That's the [ __ ] that really works. This is not in books, but I guarantee you someone's gonna take this video and create AI generated [ __ ] and they're gonna be on Amazon before the end of the weekend. And you're still going to be [ __ ] wrong because I ain't giving it all in one [ __ ] video. But does it support it? Yes, it does. Can you see it trade just a little bit above with these two wicks? Yep. And that's permissible. Why? Why is that permissible? ICT, explain that to me because I would be nervous if it was traded down here like that. Well, what is this? It's a fair value gap that's laying directly on top of that consequent encroachment level at 98.306. That's a high probability. Ready? High probability. Fair value gap. Yeah. Tick tock [ __ ] Yeah. You [ __ ] want to talk [ __ ] in sidelines. The safety of the sidelines. It's proven it doesn't work. really it doesn't work in your hands. That's the only way. That's the only place it doesn't work because it works real good in mine. And for the people that are learning what I'm showing you here today in the last couple live streams I've done, I have done a master class. I've literally pulled the [ __ ] curtain down and you see the wizard now. Okay, you're seeing him. You are seeing the maker. Okay, here it is. The bottom line is it runs right back up to upper quadrant at 98,000.402, trades through it, falls short of the upper level at 98.499. That's this candlestick's wick high, and then it starts to retrace. Do you freak out? Do you lose your mind? No. Here's where you have a change in the classification of what is permissible and what's not permissible. When we are in the lower half or at consequent encroachment of this kind of wick on the daily chart, the lower portion of it, that's where the real pure you demand that the rules must be followed. They cannot deviate. They can't have any kind of well coloring outside the lines. It has to show you the support. The down close candles and the quadrants must be supporting. But when we get on the upper half up here, what happens is the price will many times go into like this area of consolidation. Then you'll see stop hunts. You'll see using uh retracements that go below a short-term swing low and then the real move ensues after that. But that will occur from consequent encroachment level up to the upper half or the high of it. That that being this candlesticks uh premium wick. Okay. So from here, yes, from the consequent encouragement level of 98.306, this is a run that is favorable. But once it originates here, we shouldn't we shouldn't expect with any kind of fear that there's going to be retracements to that level after it's already done this type of parabolic run. But the retracements that occur in the upper quadrant, they can come back over top of that upper upper quadrant. Even though it's listed as 0.25, 25. It's because it's this level here. Bottom line is it trades down through it and then back above it and then rallies up to the high here, then back down. Now, this is the stop line I was telling you. It's always going to occur in that upper half. Here's consequent encouragement. Think about if it's going to if it's going to move, chasers are going to see, oh wow, look, it's running now. dollar's probably bullish and they retrace it. They lay a trap down. They show a breakout above this old high. They're not using this quadrant level. It's they're looking at this high being broken out to the upside. And then they see a bull flag. They say, "Wow, I'm going to keep adding there." And then they [ __ ] the bed and come right back down for their stop in the upper half. How does ICT know when they're going to do a stop hunt? How does he know when it's a market structure shift or just a stop hunt? I just showed you By having these ranges graded, it pulls back the veil and shows you exactly what it is that you should understand about what's permissible and what's not, what should and shouldn't happen. Now, if you're brand new, if you're really, really new to my stuff, this is going to feel like it's over your head. But for the folks that have been with me for years, you have now literally been jumped forward light years ahead in understanding like this is like Viagra for a technical anal technical analyst. Like you are fired up. You're you're running around with wood right now. And ladies, I mean out of respect, you're just happy. Let's put it that way. Stop hunt taken supporting at the a quadrant. Yes, we wick down through it. Why is that permissible? We're in upper half of a bullish orderflow volume and balance. That's the only inefficiency. Maybe you'll see. There you go. I say I paid my bill, man. I don't know what's going on. The uh volume of bounce right in here. You can see it trades right down to that little inefficiency right there. It doesn't need to go below that low. For the folks saying, "Why wouldn't you be afraid it's going to go below?" Because it's already done that right there. That's the stop hunt in the upper quadrant. There's the little stop hunt. Boom. Leave a volume and bounce below the quadrant level. Rally. It gets a little muddy in here. They use this inefficiency here. to send it right back down just to get that volume imbalance and scare anybody else that maybe has a stop loss here or they think this is a big bare flag and they would chase it going lower and then it resumes back to supporting the quadrant and now watch we have another run away from it after it's done this only in efficiency down here we go back to looking at the order flow with the order block >> down close candle opening price. Draw it out. Is it supporting it? Is it staying in the upper half of that? Yep. Rally. And it runs up to the high of that wick again. So now that was a very very very very long discussion. Hopefully fruitful. Hopefully it answers a lot of questions. I'm sure for some of you uh that are brand new, you have a million more new questions and that's good. I want you to have questions because that means you're going to go into my content and you're going to study or you're going to listen to me when I post stuff on Twitter and you're going to say, "Okay, what does he mean by mentioning that? Let me go in here and use this information." And it's going to be suddenly interesting how all of a sudden you can catch up to what I'm saying. Why didn't you teach this from the beginning? It would have been so much easier. Yeah. And I'd have more people than I have all around the world ripping me off. I'm making millionaires not only in trading, but I'm making millionaires because they're teaching my [ __ ] and saying that they found it themselves and changing the names of it. I'm not guilty of that. They're the one rebranding, but they can't do this. But I promise you, they'll show show all their trades in the past and it won't line up with this logic. It'll just be lucky they got here and there. And you'll see when they failed, it was not using this. But they'll never do that. They'll never share that stuff. So anyway, that's the business. Um, we can finally move over to Europe real quick. I'm not going to do all this on euro because we'd be here all day. But a bullish uh dollar index allows for risk off. Higher dollar risk off meaning euro dollar because it's the first currency in the name of the pair. If dollar is going to go up and it's a teeter totter effect. Dollar up. Oops. Come on. Dollar up, euro down. So we can see all of the same elements being showed here on euro order flow would be one second euro USD that's the business on that um and you own your own time go back and do the same thing on your dollar Friday day one count back 20 days grade that level and look at how price is going to do the same thing. You you're going to want to watch this video again to see what I was doing and then do that same thing with the pound dollar. Do the same thing with any other currency, any other any other market really. But um and you'll see all the rhyme reason why it's dropping down here. Incidentally, you also will have the advantage of knowing how to structure my market maker buy and sell model which is not wipoff. They match up and all the high significant uh second stage reaccumulation or second stage redistribution the unicorn they will always lay on one of these quadrants when you're doing it. Oh yes. Oh yes. It's that good. It's that good. And it never misses. Holy [ __ ] He said never and I said never. It never misses. It never misses. Find that in any other school of thought because it doesn't happen. That's why they use language like well that's why you know the market's random. It's an even distribution of random price action. So you never know. Nobody really knows what price is going to do. I love it. So anyway, your your handwork is to do that with the Euro dollar, pound dollar. I want to get to the uh the NASDAQ. I apologize. I don't have time to be here all day. And same business here. Oh, there's a lot of structure in this is this will be interesting to study that one. But same thing. Go back over 20 days. Look back on pound dollar. Make sure that you're toggling for the levels to be carried over into your lower time frame charts. And you'll see there's a there's an epiphany right there. It'll be like, what in the world? You're going to start hearing the angels singing, harps be playing. You're expecting the golden light to shine down on top of you. is going to feel like you've been anointed because I'm telling you the level of perception it gives you is God's gift because that's what it is. There's no way about this that you can subscribe it to any other school of thought. That's why nobody else should get the credit. It's him. Him. Okay. So anyway, um gold. Let's do that real quick. Gold December contract. All right. So if you recall, we were in this area in here. I I posted a tweet and I said might be time to, you know, take some profits on gold. And you you can go and take your uh Twitter, go to my post and get the the the link for it and then go to your chart. Uh it would be better doing it on the the daily chart. Right click on the chart and then click paste. Once you have the tweet that I posted saying it's it's probably close to time to taking some profit. That's not me picking the top. Okay, it's it's start considering taking some profits off because we went into a parabolic price run and we're alltime highs parabolically. If you don't pay yourself something, I didn't say close everything out. I didn't say go short. I said, "Consider taking something off." Because in in 2022, in 2019, uh, the summer of 2016, I said the buy gold and you can go back and look at those recordings and it's there. I never said sell gold. I never said short gold. Okay. Um, but the point is is we we've seen gold rally. you know, at the beginning of the year, like that's a lot. Like that's that's huge. We've moved into consolidation here and then we've had a nice price run. Why did I post that? It might be time to consider taking some profits on gold because we've had basically a measured move. Now, watch right here, like right in here in this consolidation. What I'm doing is I'm trying to get a rough idea. eyeballing it where halfway is. Okay, right there's the first point. So, we have low to equilibrium and all this consolidation and then the next leg would be up here. And I don't have the other one showing why I forgot I took it off earlier. Okay. So, knowing that we are now in the upper quadrant, what can happen? What can happen in the upper quadrant of this price run that we just graded? We've we've realized a price run up here, but we're approaching if this is the halfway point and we can see this because of this run up and then consolidation. So, you can predict where measured moves will start to peter out in in momentum. Not that they completely utterly reverse there. It can, but we want to know when it's highly likely to have deep retracements, but why would we expect it? Why would Why was I expecting this type of [ __ ] here retracing back down? How could I have known that? What did I just teach you about the upper half? When you have a when they have a price run or inefficiency or PDA or a range, when it's bullish, you're going to get that dirty price action in the upper half. When they start getting close to targets and levels that it's been reaching for and all year long, this thing's been going up after a consolidation in the middle like this. Basically, if you just take your fingers and put your thumb right on top of the low at the beginning of the year and then the high right there, that range, add that to halfway and you'll see that that's pretty much where we're at right now. But I want to be in there early indicating to you as students, hey, look, if you own this stuff, it might be a good idea just just to give something to your bottom line that's real. realize some gains because unrealized gains, you can't buy groceries with that. You can have all the P&L on your screen while a trade's open. Man, look at all this money I'm making. You ain't making [ __ ] until you close the trade. And because I'm looking at you as developing students that you're not really firing on all cylinders because you're learning still. Otherwise, you wouldn't be following me because that's what a a perfect graduated student that knows exactly what they're doing. Will not follow me anymore. That's what I want as a mentor. Every mentor should want that. Not somebody that's tethered to me. I don't want you watching my social media. I'm not trying to make money off of you. I'm literally on most of my time on X, which is not monetized. I'm I'm not monetized there. Okay. So, knowing that that the dirty stock runs are going to be in the upper half of that when it's bullish and we were approaching that level early on. You can drop that tweet once you get the link off of it and you'll see it's pretty much as we are approaching that level. That's why I told you that expect some you know profit taking the market rallies up stops dead in its tracks and says I'm not going to go to 4400 4,400 rather it just stops and leaves that equal high up here which I find it interesting and it drops all the way down into It's inefficiency. I believe I did this right. If you look at the close there, it's um 159.6 and then the open on this one is uh 160. So there's a small little separation there. So there's a volume imbalance there. And same thing with this candlesticks open comes in at 225.1. So 25.1 and the close on this one is 24.9. So there's it's lower on this. So there's a small little volume and balance there. So that's why it's shown there, not on the wicks to wick. So it retraces back down into the upper half. And if it's still going to be bullish, now think about what I tell you. If this market's still bullish, does it want to trade through the consequent encroachment of this suspension block? Would it do that if it's bullish? It shouldn't. It should fall short of it or stay above it, in other words. And that's what you're seeing here. And you had this retracement off of that while we have relative equal highs. So that sets the stage for an attempt to get back up to this level over the next coming two weeks. Now, why am I saying two weeks? Um, it's just a reasonable time frame when you're using analysis on a daily chart because it could stay in here and range around a little while and then come back up there and get it later on. Or it can come right out there on Sunday and go into Monday's trading and be already up above it and just make even higher highs. So, I mean, that's what I'm trying to say that you don't know and I don't know where this market's going to go because it's in discovery, meaning that it's at all-time highs. Nobody knows where this thing can trade to. But it's foolish for anybody to hold a long from the beginning of the year or anywhere and be making this much money unrealized and not take something off when we're up at these very lofty levels from a measure move perspective. And if you don't learn to take something off and you think that you have to have your entire position on or you're not satisfied, you are gambling. That's what that is. That's a characteristic and a trait of a gambler. You want all of it. All or nothing. I used to see a guy, people still think he's something, but I don't think he's anything. They say, uh, you know, I I can't understand why somebody would put a trade on, put a stop loss on, and then take partial profits. It doesn't justify the the means of having your initial stop-loss. Well, you dumbass. The uh the stop-loss is going to evolve into eventually locking in potentially some measure of profit. But even then it it's not guaranteed because the market could gap down. Let me let me let me pose a a hypothetical situation for you. Okay? Let's say for instance you're long a market. Say that say you're long NASDAQ and you place a stop loss in and you're risking 10 handles to make a 100 handles. That's a pretty good R to R. Your R multiple is solid. It's 10 to one. You're looking at a really respectable rate of return if it comes to fruition. Once you trade to 40 handles in profit, you roll your stop to break even plus commission costs. Okay, wonderful. Theoretically, you have what's we call a free trade. It's not guaranteed that you're getting out with that if it starts to reverse on you because you have gap risk all the time in markets, especially now in the climate we're in right now. Anything can happens if they dropped a nuclear bomb. Okay, let's say a particular country in the Middle East dropped a tactical nuclear bomb in another particular uh country. And I'll just leave it that way because I'll probably get smacked around by YouTube if I say who I'm talking about. What do you think the market response is going to be to that? You're going to see the market be trading here and then immediately the next tick down here, your stop loss is not going to work. That's inherent risk that we have as speculators. That's what those big papers that you supposed to read all the time when you open up an account, they're they're telling you that. And when they tell you when liquidity is available, we will do our best to get you out. That's what they're talking about because those environments do exist and they've never been as high as they are right now. So, anyone that's out there trying to leverage their accounts really, really big, you're an idiot. You're you're asking to have your head cleanly and efficiently removed from your shoulders financially. You're not respecting the risk. You're not respecting it. I'm not trading with size right now. I am not putting size on right now. And anybody that is is a gambler. And when you make money that way, don't parade that [ __ ] on social media because literally that is you begging. You're begging to get kicked right in the balls. And it's going to happen. It's going to happen. And it's going to happen at the worst time with the biggest loss. And it's going to freeze you up. And then you're going to be afraid to take any size at all. And that's why you don't want to do it right now. If you trade with real small size, real respectable, you know, if that means you have to trade in the micro, do it. You're still doing better than everybody else, but you're trying to measure it against your expectations or measuring yourself against me or someone else out there that's supposedly doing well. [ __ ] that. None of that stuff should matter. Either you're doing it the right way and seeing results that are compounding into greater understanding and your demo trades are showing profitability. Your tape reading showing continuity and consistency, your understanding of what the market's collected to do, seeing it live is increasing. that it will eventually at your own discretion lead you to determine and decide when you're going to put real money at risk. That's different for everyone. But when you make that decision, you need to be able to own all of the responsibility. And I have students that will cheerlead and say, "I I love you, ICT. I love you. You're the goat. You're the king. You're the greatest of all times. You're the best. You're you're this. You're everything. You're him." And then if they do something wrong in their own hands, they're bitter. Just saw I just boxed somebody the other day. [ __ ] you and your wife, you know. Okay, [ __ ] you. How about that? Like literally, that tells you that guy lost money. I didn't cause him to lose money. I didn't [ __ ] tell him to buy or sell anything. But that's somebody that's not equipped. They've learned from anyone. And in this climate, I warned you, I told you all that we are gonna see price action. That's [ __ ] insane. Look at last uh the previous two Fridays ago. Look at that. You didn't see it coming. You get mad because you hurt yourself. And if I show you I did anything in an econ economic climate that's, you know, elevated risk, I'm somehow a villain. What I do has no effect on you as a student. That's the proper mindset. Whether I make money or don't make money, whether I take the trade today or not take the trade, it's not it's not why you're here. If you're here for that, you're here for the wrong reasons. I'm I'm spending my time on Saturday teaching you the highest degree of reading technical charts and anticipating when the market's going to move and how they're going to move. This logic will work in the future. It's not going to stop working. I'm not here to put you into trades. I'm not here to go out here and do it live so that way I can copy you, ICT, because if you're willing to do it with live money in a real account on live stream, that means that you care enough that you think it's going to make money because why why else would you come out here and do it? and I want to copy you because I'm so hungry and I need to make money right now. And that's tethering you to me. I'm not going to allow that. And when I tell you things on Twitter and I'm calling it live, I'm pointing to this, pointing to that, saying this, watch this, watch that. That is not me prompting you to take a trade. That's why I'm not liking your post when you say, "Oh, here. Thank you, ICT. I made this much money. Look at this profit. I made Man, what the [ __ ] Stop doing that. Stop doing that. Every single time I read that, I [ __ ] cringe because that gets in my head. That means that there's even more of you not listening to me. If you're doing that behind the scenes and you're making money, God bless you. Okay? That's not why I'm doing it. But please stop telling me that you're making money doing it off of what I'm saying live. That's not why I'm doing it. I'm telling you to watch it and tape read it. Every single time I see people doing that, it I'm thinking of the person. The last one I just read that they made money. The next time I call something, I'm thinking, how many contracts are they buying on that now? How many [ __ ] contracts are they overleveraging now? And that's going to affect my my visibility. It's going to that's the thing I'm going to worry about versus reading what I understand about price action. I'm going to have a retail handicap when I don't have a retail handicap. Otherwise, I don't think like retail traders. I don't trade like retail traders. I don't [ __ ] do anything like a retail trader. But when I have your risk in my mind, when I have the outcome of your [ __ ] trades on my mind, I'm forced to have a retail perspective. That's why I tell you not to do it. I don't have those weaknesses unless you give them to me. It's kryptonite. I don't want to [ __ ] do it. I don't want to think that way. I don't think that way. But when you share a lot and I understand, okay, don't don't don't get me wrong, okay? I understand that you're happy and you're excited and you feel that you have to do that and if I don't see that, I'm going to somehow just get no longer interested in teaching. That's [ __ ] It's [ __ ] Listen, I know there's people listening to me. So, I know when I talk, someone's going to listen and they're going to learn. Okay? Don't be afraid that I'm gonna fall out of interest in trading or not trading but in teaching because it's in me. It's who I am. I don't need all of you to cheerlead me on or give me your successes that I'm somehow going to be like, "Wow, yeah, now I want to continue because what I continue on and the fuel I have is your appreciation for me spending my [ __ ] time that I don't have to do. I'm not getting [ __ ] rich off of this." And literally, nobody else would do this. I'm investing in you more than you invest in yourself. And I ain't [ __ ] I am believing that if you listen to me the way I teach it, you will absolutely be able to see the things I'm teaching, doing beforehand, without any handholding. You're going to know the PDAs I'm going to talk about before I mention them because you're using this logic. That's success. That is growing. That's becoming independent. That's you getting ready to boot yourself out of the nest and say, "You know what? I appreciate it, Pops. I got to go. I got places to go and I'm It's time for me to fly." You're not coming back. Hey, let me see what ICT's up to. [ __ ] ICT. I'm doing this, this, this, this, this. Now, I know what I'm doing. I'm making making it easier for my family to eat. That's what you're here for. Anything less is [ __ ] Anything more is extra. You don't need to. So, don't don't feel like you got to keep giving me your successes like I I like I need that. It it hurts me when you do that. And I don't how I don't know how to make it any plainer than that. I don't want you to freak. Let me get Hold on. I got to get a pillow against my back. This wooden chair is [ __ ] hurting my sitting at the dining room table and this freaking chair is uncomfortable. My ass is falling asleep actually. But the uh the hindrance it places on me mentally, it causes me to the the shutdown. Like I don't want to do anymore. Like I don't want to I don't want to do it anymore. When I see people posting, man, this is the greatest [ __ ] trade I've been in. Or this is it worked out perfect. Look at what I made. I can't believe this. Oh, okay. I understand your excitement and I don't want to steal that from you, but just know that what I'm saying here, it matters to me a lot because I like what I'm doing. And the more that you all tell me what you're doing with your money based on what I'm saying, you're breaking the rule of Fight Club. The first rule is we don't talk about Fight Club. We don't talk about what we're doing. We don't put it on social media. You don't need to send me emails and tell me anything either. There's no difference if you put it on social media where everybody sees it or if you send it to me in email. I don't like those kind of emails. I appreciate and I understand that you're excited and you're doing well and I I I understand what is motivating you doing that, but I'm asking you as a man. the the frailty of of the person Michael is asking you please don't do those things because it messes me all up in my head where I start now thinking about the outcome versus following just simply the logic because if I have dozens of you that I know that are repeat offenders with this stuff I know that you're going to overlever and if you haven't you will and eventually something like Friday two Fridays ago is going to happen and I might not be firing on all cylinders. I might not be paying attention. I might be distracted with, you know, something going on in my house and that's the day it happens and you get hurt really really bad and you're going to want to blame me for it. And I don't have any I don't have any connection to it. I won't have any connection to it because I didn't put you in that trade. I didn't tell you to buy or sell that many contracts. I didn't tell you to put your stop loss there or do not even use one. But you'll find some way to attribute the outcome and responsibility to me. And it's not. The only thing we're talking about is price action. That's what we're doing here. That's that's what this community is about. Telling me what you made. I don't want to see it. I don't want to see that. Share that with your journal. You champion that there, but not not to me at least. Okay. So, anyway, the market traded down to this inefficient. It respected the upper half, which is exactly what we want using my orderflow ideas. So, algorithmically, it does it did exactly what we expect. Now, what we don't want to see going forward, let me say it this way. What I don't want to see is I don't want to see the remaining portion of that separation, I don't want to see that close in before a new high forms because that means that this has stayed true that it's not willing to go into a deeper discount. And if it's not willing to go on a deeper discount, they want these relative equal highs. Okay? So, that's how I'm looking at gold going forward. If it trades back down below that, okay, then we would probably consider using this inefficiency in here. But to do so, I think is really problematic. I don't not problematic long long term, but for immediate intermediate term time horizon, um, if it goes down here, I don't think we get back to the highs soon, but we can very easily get to new all-time highs while we're here. Okay, so hopefully that was beneficial for you. Uh, NASDAQ, we finally made it here. It's a long way around the barn. All righty. And NASDAQ 2025. All right. Let me clarify a couple things real quick and then uh finish this live stream. All right. Daily chart here and I'll maximize it. by not hurting your feelings. And I I mean that sincerely because and I know I have a lot of influence and I'm not trying to steal your excitement and joy when you when you succeed with this stuff, but I I want you to just think maybe you don't understand what I'm saying and why I'm saying it. It's not my It's not me trying to be humble because believe me, it's not humble. It's me telling you that you're hurting my my advantages and you're putting things in my mind that I don't normally have to wrestle with when you tell me what you're doing with the information I'm sharing live. If you want me to stop doing that [ __ ] keep doing it because that's exactly what's going to happen. So anyway, um two Fridays ago, we had this really big sell-off, which I indicated and told you why that took place. And I I know a lot of people now since they reached out to me, um they know people that got hurt. And I'm not trying to make fun of them because I feel terrible that these types of things can hurt traders. You know, it's one thing for us to make fun of retail logic, but I'm not making fun of people. It's the the logic that they use. That's what I attack. That's what I mock. I'm not I'm not trying to be a bully and and bully individuals. I'm trying to just make a mockery of what they put their faith in. And you can argue semantics and say, "Well, you are bullying a person when you're doing that." But that's not really what I'm aiming to do. So, if you think that way, that's not what my motivation is. But, uh, two Fridays ago, that obviously, you know, destroyed a lot of people. Like, it it wrecked a lot of people. And I indicated that because we have a large gap here between these two price points where we closed two Fridays ago and then where we opened the new week there. That's new week opening gap. Okay. And we traded into it here and because of the previous Friday, it dropped so far down in there and that gap's still remaining. But there's going to be a a strong interest for price to want to go back down to that in the eyes and hearts of traders. Like they they want to see that happen down there. But if you blend in what I said about the dollar index, if it was to go lower on its daily chart, then it would cause the NASDAQ to go higher. So that's you taking what I said about what retail would expect. Okay? Like when I'm talking about opening range gaps at 9:30 where we open at 9:30 open and where we settled at the previous day at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. Those two price points, you have to have those mapped out on on your chart. Price need not fill in that gap the day it forms or even the week that it forms. It could do it weeks later. Don't believe me? put your chart on NASDAQ and put on uh regular trading hours, toggle it to regular trading hours, not electronic trading hours. And you can look back in the past and see there was gaps that stayed open for a month. It just because they gap doesn't mean they must fill right away. And the same thing here. It is such a huge gap and it's baited people to anticipate it going down there and continuously going lower. Look how many times they offered that here, here, and even went lower there. So, at this point right there, I'm sure everybody at the time thought that this thing was going to go down to there and lower, but that's exactly how they're they're using that range that they created two Fridays ago. They created a killing field. It's like a landmine field. Okay? So, you have to use every single day's wick, grade them, and carry them forward. Know where the opening price is and closing prices of every daily range, the high and the low. And that's how you navigate in this. That's that's exactly what you have to do. And if you watch what I was showing you this week, that's what I was focusing on. I was pointing your attention to those very things there, not look for the kick out Friday's low from two weeks ago. staying inside the range. I mean, we stayed Well, before I do it, think about what I taught you in this lecture here. Think about what I just said about grading the range. Hopefully, none of you could disagree that this is the range that we're inside of two Fridays ago. That's the range. So, it's this until we get above or below this individual day, we're trading inside the range and it's defined with that shaded area. That's the range. Okay? But inside that range, there's quadrants we have to be concerned about because that's what the algorithm is going to refer to. inside of this big range of price action. That is the that's the most significant one. We don't need to go all the way back 20 days. This is the elephant in the room. This is this is it right here. So, we have to leave that range before anything else is useful. Do you understand that? I'm not I'm not saying that 20 days ago's look look back period for if the data ranges isn't um useful here. I'm saying that even before we get to that, this is what we have to concern ourselves with because this is the biggest range that we've not moved out of yet. And it's a huge aberition of where it come from. Most people didn't see it coming, but we all see it right now in our charts. I promise you, every investment bank, every hedge fund manager, every person that ever trades with real super size, they have this range in mind that they they are waiting for this thing to lose its high or low. That's what big hedge fund traders are doing right now. They're not doing anything in here. And that's the truth. They have to leave this band of volatilities low and high before they can ever start to do anything new because they can't trust that it's going to move higher and they can't trust that it's not going to move lower. So why would they assume more risk with so much uncertainty? They wouldn't. They're trading with billions of dollars, not a $2,000, you know, filtered uh limited demo account that you got 20 of. Your perspective on the market is completely limited to whatever is making your jock edge right now. They're they got billions of dollars billions of dollars at risk based on what they do in allocation. So, they're they're going to wait for this band of volatility, the highest point and the lowest point to be removed by new discovery, higher or lower. And I don't give a [ __ ] what what approach they use. That's that's what they're waiting for. So, as a trader, as a day trader, as a swing trader, as a short-term trader, a scalper, until we leave this range that's defined here, we're going to work around like we've been doing all week. And if you don't like those types of environments, then just take a couple weeks off and just come back every day at the end of the day and see if we've taken the high out or the low out because then you're going to get a different degree of price delivery. I'm not teaching buy a breakout and sell a breakout, but I'm telling you wait for that band of volatility to be taken out and now we have exploration into a higher all-time high or we're resuming the damage that was done on that Friday. I promise you what I just said here is very very crucial for you to understand how to behave as a trader going forward. If you don't if you don't adhere to what I just said, you're going to take unnecessary risks. You're going to trade more than you should and you're probably going to hurt yourself. And because I'm trying to teach you a way to prevent majority of that, I can't produce a way of removing all the risk obviously, but to maximize the probabilities in your in your favor and hopefully filter out the likelihood that you could potentially hurt yourself, you need to understand these things. And by knowing this, we can now grade it two Fridays to go high. And that's doing the same thing that we would look at with the 20-day look back, the highest high and the lowest low. If you ever have a big event like this, start there and then when we leave this range, then we can go back like if it goes below here, then go back 20 days and then use that range and it'll make much more sense to you. Okay, but we have this uh is graded now. Carry it forward so that way it's going to show up on all time frames. I'm gonna scrunch this up. And that's these levels here. Okay. And suddenly you'll see the rhyme and reason as to why price. Actually, let me do it from this end. It's easier. It only moves a little bit when I do it this way. You just put a number in there. iced tea. I know. I love pissing some of you guys off. I'm going to get drink while I'm doing this. Remember the parable about the jade master. It's all about patience. You learn through patience. All right. So, look at this response down here. It's respecting the lower quadrant and then rallies up. What did I teach you about grading ranges like this? Inefficiencies, PDA rays, gaps. What did I teach you? What did I just [ __ ] say in this lecture? The meat, all the things that you're going to look for is going to occur at consequent encroachment or midpoint. Okay? To the lower quadrant and up to the upper quadrant. Inside this area in here is where 90% of what you're going to look for as a trade is going to form all the time. And when they occur with individual inefficiencies and wicks and those quadrants are forming new PDAs around in that you're going to get the best setups and best things that deliver. So you're not going to let me put it this way. You're not going to waste time looking at things and thinking they're PDAs and they're really not. They're not high probability. So if if dollar went lower and we can all agree that it went lower, the filter was going to be if it went lower, then the NASDAQ would start to go higher and make an attempt to try to challenge going into the upper end of this band of volatility that was created on two Fridays ago. We traded down to the uh the lower quadrant of that previous Friday's range here. And look how it gave up and went all the way back up there again. We went down to it again here just to take out that low. And then look at the reversal all the way back up and closed up higher. What is it showing you? The logic. What I told you when you're grading these ranges when you're bullish the lower quadrant to the consequent encroachment that's going to be the meat of where your big bullishness is going to come. Yes. on the wick part or portion on a daily chart, it's going to have a a little wick down here. But if you're looking at it on the the lens of a five-minute chart, you're going to have candlestick bodies down there. So, you have to you have to permit things from a higher time frame daily chart. In other words, if it was doing um the bodies closing below that quadrant on the daily chart, that's a problem. We don't want to see that. But having the five-minute chart here, having candlestick closes and the bodies below that daily range here of that lower quadrant of the Friday two Fridays ago's range, that is not disturbing anything. You're going to have to allow for that to happen. And that's just simply understanding the continuity between one time frame to the next. What something looks like on a higher time frame chart as a wick is going to have lots of candlestick bodies on the very, very low time frames. And that's just something you're going to have to get real used to understanding and expecting. It isn't going to create a wick on a five-minute chart like it does on the daily chart because it has to spend it has to spend time booking price down there. Whereas on the on the daily chart like that, that's that's a pretty good amount of uh handles to offer and not just do it on one little flash of here's one price above 24,466 and then one tick it only goes down to the lowest low and then it leaves it again above it and that means you will have a wick only on the five-minute chart. That's not going to happen. If you expect that to happen, you're going to be frustrated. So, just be comfortable with knowing that bodies below this level here when it looks like a wick over here, expect bodies to form on the lower time frames. When it's a wick, you're expecting on the higher time frame. I guess that's the easiest way of saying it that way. All right. So, uh we're at two hours now and I went another hour longer than I wanted to. I want you to take what it is I taught you today and covered and spend some time over your own pet markets and you'll see that what I'm teaching isn't limited to the things I'm showing you here. And this is your consequent encroachment of that full Friday band of volatility. It's huge daily candlestick. We graded it and now we're going to carry that over to a one minute chart. I'll say this and then I will clothes for today because I'm kind of hungry actually and I'm using up all my time and the girls are going to come home and I'm going to be like, "Man, I had fun teaching you all, but I I wish I would have just did this instead." The little boy in me wants to run around, play lot uh real loud music, and uh just carry on like a kid. That's what I am at heart. I'm a kid at heart. But I want you to know that um the books aren't going to teach you what I did last uh yesterday where I told you I was going to stop at 24,675 and told you that was the liquidity pool. That was it. It wasn't going to take these lows here. Just so you know, it's not bait to buy the books to learn that that knowing where my my stop losses go. I'm going to teach you some things, but you will not be able to replicate what I do. I I'm keeping that for myself. And I know that's going to make a lot of you mad, okay? And it's not meant to make you mad. It's not meant to, you know, tease you or anything like that. I want you to know if you do decide to buy these books, just know that you're buying them without needing them because everything I'm going to talk about in those books is on this YouTube channel and you have a better examples of being taught visually over the charts versus looking at a static chart where it's limited. I can only draw so much of your understanding into an expression of what I'm teaching in a a static chart or a series of static charts in a couple paragraphs. It it won't it won't do any justice to it. Like if you listen to a lecture like this one, can you imagine how many chapters it would take for me to do what I'm just done today? I mean, think about it. When you ever read a book, you know, it's multiple chapters I covered today. I'm writing [ __ ] books every time I do a live stream. Every time I did a Twitter space, I'm writing a book like a book. So that's how that's how deep you can go. And I want you to see this uh consequent encroachment of previous Friday's week range from the the low up to the high. We graded that. Okay. The consequent encroachment level right here. What what was dropped on top of that? What's this? Isn't that a bullish fairway gap? See that? The market drops down into it, gives you institutional order for entry drill, which is a partial fill of the gap. It's a high pro it's a high probability fair value gap because it's laying over top of a quadrant. What do I mean by laying over top of? Okay, this is the last thing I'm going to teach and I'm done. If this say this is your candlestick, okay, it's a bullish candle. All right. And you have a quadrant level. And the next candle that's immediately formed after this one does this. And the candle prior to this one looks like I don't want to do that. Just one candle. Pay attention to this part. Okay? I promise this is this is going to clear a lot of your confusion up. If this is the quadrant you want to see any portion of this candle that makes the actual gap or the fair value gap, it needs to be laying on top of this line. So you would naturally have it viewed like this. So that's your normal ICT bearish um bullish fair gap. Okay, crude depiction, but it's accomplishing the method. So in here, you know, this will be a high probability fair value gap if it trades back down into it in the future. If we see a a quadrant and it's laying like that, this is not a high probability fair value gap. Can it be used? Yeah, it can. I'm not going to use that one myself. Okay. If this quadrant looks like that, right, is not a high probability fair value gap by my terms. So, it's not a smart money fair value gap. It's just a common gap. Common gaps, they can stay open and they can fill in there. There's 5050. I'm teaching you my language to determine that if the quadrant is like that, right on the low of the fair value gap, that's a high probability fair value gap. If it lays just on the high only like that, that's a high probability fair value gap. Why? Because the candlestick that creates the fair bay gap in and of itself that range is laying over top of and crisscrossing like the crosshair on the sniper rifle. That is where you're aiming. See that big light bulb moment. Okay. So, anytime someone tells you they, oh yeah, he has all these [ __ ] lines on a chart when it's going to hit something eventually. Yeah. It's going to hit one that gives you the the theory that I'm teaching you. And then when it matches and it matches during a time window, a open. Okay, if it's in the first 30 minutes of the opening range in index uh futures and it lays on top of a quadrant like that, man, that's high probability, huge probability. If this happens to be the first percent of fair value gap and it's laying over top of a quadrant of the opening range gap, new day opening gap, new week opening gap, um, previous day or close proximity candlestick premium wick or discount wick, and I taught you how to find them. Looking at the daily chart over here, see, I'm teaching more [ __ ] This is what happens when I do pre-recorded stuff. I have a a very specific set of information I want to cover and I get done. I don't go on and on and on. But I'm like a [ __ ] encyclopedia fire hose that this can't shut off. And I know you love it, but I'm never going to get what I want to get done now. But this wick here is the highest one of all these. So you want to grade that one and carry it forward and watch how price is utilizing it. And I'll I'll show you what I mean. And I promise this is the last thing I want to talk about. I have to get off here. you liked what you've learned so far today and you appreciate the time and energy and effort I'm trying to put into you proving this stuff is working scientifically. It's not [ __ ] It's not it's not guesswork, folks. Okay? I don't cherrypick anything. I'm waiting for my [ __ ] to line up on time. And when it does, then you get to see the results of it. And nobody else can replicate that. At least for right now. Nobody else is this profitable, this perfect, this precise. They're not. But I have students that are doing exceptionally well and lessons like we've done this past month is going to help them go into the upper echelon of wildly precise and profitable. All right, so we have this Thursday of this past week. Here's the opening on that daily candle into the high. And I'm going to change this to purple because I like Prince and Purple Rain is one of my favorite songs by him. So, we're going to dedicate this wick. >> Shut up, old man. There you go. And we'll already showing up now. I got to carry over. All right. So, we have the low, which is the open of that candlestick on Thursday, comes in at 24,937. All right. 24,000. That's right here. All right. And I'm going to take the opening range line off here because it's already got too many things on it. So these are your these are your quadrant levels. Lowest one in here. No gap. That was immediate rebalance. And here we have fair gap there. And what time is it? 2:20. Is that the right time? Is that a time that I teach you to use? I know there's a lot of people out there teaching all kinds of weird [ __ ] but that's not what I teach. So, that is not the right time. That fair value gap. You would carry it forward. Excuse me. All right. So, here is macro time 250. We're inside of it now. Okay. The bodies are respecting it now, isn't it? Do you see what's happening now? Over here, it can color outside the lines with the body, but now it's time. Excuse me. It's time. We're in the 250 to 310 macro right there. Okay. The next candle is laying right on the the low end of it. It opens and closes at the next candle. Right at the low. Let me let me zoom in because I don't want to look like I'm trying to hide something from you. Not that you can't pull this [ __ ] on your chart. Okay, big paradigm shift. Ready? 250 starts right there. Right there. Quadrant level tells you that that's the price, but that's not the time. They have to agree. Entries must occur on time and price. This order block, I'm sorry, not order block, is fair gap, is laying on top of that previous wick. Okay. And it's trading at the uh the hell am I looking at? Yeah. Okay. It's the 24,997.75 level. That's this one here on Thursday's wick creates the fair value gap on that quadrant. That's the one you annotate and keep going forward with it. Keep keep extending it to the right until you get to a macro time. And that is 9 at 250 rather starts the macro time from 250 to 310. Does the candlestick start respecting that fair value gap? The bodies are staying inside of it. This is permissible and the body comes back and closes inside the fair value gap. Opens trades down to the low just one tick outside of the the range over here by the fair value gap. But notice what the bodies are doing. It's respecting it now. And all the way up to 310 there. It's used it there as well. See that? That's what I'm talking about having the the quadrant levels and then determining what pre like what PDA and you can do this with order blocks too. It's not just a fair value gap phenomenon. I'm only showing you the fair value gap because it's visually pleasing and aesthetic. It's easy for you to see it. It just jumps off of the chart versus all the down closed candles or all the uplo candles. It's it's a whole lot more to choose from when you ring in the order block. So that's the reason why I chose to start with this idea of the the structure behind the premise of why the PDR matrix even works is by having these quadrants on your chart and then looking at these things and then saying okay I now have a a fair bay gap that's valid by price but I can't do anything with it until it's time to trade with it. So that means from the 250 210. I'm sorry, 310 right there. I know this is [ __ ] genius, isn't it? I I tell you, I I'm not taking any credit for this because if it wasn't for the Lord showing me this. Nobody Nobody knows this stuff. I'm telling you, nobody does because if they did, they would all came out here and said, "Listen, chump. This is what this is what's really going on. You don't know this, this, this." They can't do it. I begged for it for 15 years, man. and they just won't do it because they don't they can't they can't do it. So this means here is your macro time. So in between the start of it here and the end of it there. Okay. You have a chance to be a scalper. Okay. What time of day is this? It's the last hour trading the the PM session of the New York market. Okay. So that is a scalping environment. It is not a [ __ ] and go boom out the door and this blast off and create all-time highs. It's not a big wild run of a type of day. It's limited. So you have to pick your shot. Know what it's reaching for. Okay? So, if you want to be a very, you know, simple surgical striking type of uh a trader, you use the 250 to 310 macro. Find a a quadrant. If you have an order block or a I'm sorry, a fair bay gap laner top of it like that or a suspension block, something to that effect, you now have your price, keep carrying it forward until you get to the macro time. Then when that happens, you have to look over to the left side of what price has left you in its in its wake when it got down to this level again. What's it what has left in it in price actions to the left side of the chart? Relative equal highs. Now, is this a high probability candidate for a run on liquidity? That low is lower than that high. That's a valid ICT candidate for a run on liquidity. That's candyland. That's what we used to call it on the baby pips. It's like taking candy from a baby. So, you can buy the low in here. Every time I tap that low, you can buy it there. You can do the quadrants on that fair value gap in and of itself. It's too [ __ ] I cannot believe I'm putting this on [ __ ] YouTube. I'm a [ __ ] crazy ass. I love you, ICT. Don't go away. So, here's the low of it. And then look at the bodies. Look how it's respecting that lower quadrant. I mean, really, look at that. Look at that. Look at the bodies right there laying on that. It drops and touches the quadrant there. But there's no [ __ ] algorithm, right? That's all buying and selling pressure. All these [ __ ] all around the world are literally saying, "Listen, we're only interested at that price because I don't know, RSI said so. Um, Bowlinger bands said so. Um, pitchforks and Andrews [ __ ] Woff something. I'm sure I'm sure Woff has something that we can attribute to. It doesn't really, but the bottom line is it runs up and now look at the bodies expect respecting the what consequent encroachment the midpoint. Look at it. Look at that. Then it rallies up, trades outside of it, comes right back down into the upper quadrant. And we want to see it now treat this range because it left it. What's the what's the uh expectation now? Do we want to see it trade down into consequent encroachment and trade in the lower half after it leaves it like that? No, we do not. No, we don't. It can come down in the upper half. Worst case scenario, it touches consequent encroion, but it needs to do so on a wicking basis, but preferably not at all. Upper quadrant, the bodies are hinting. Look, it stays off of it. See that? The next one here rallies up, comes right back down. Comes to the high end, doesn't touch the upper quadrant. And look at the body. It's not touching the high of it. That's a signal. That's a little uh artifact that the algorithm leaves behind for smart money to identify. They do not have level two [ __ ] charts. They are not looking at footprint charts. They have no [ __ ] respect of none of that stuff because it is not doing anything. You can't find the things I'm telling you. These signatures are not found in footprint. They're not found in volume analysis. It's not found on level two [ __ ] It's not found in anything else. Open, high, low, and close on a timebased [ __ ] chart. That's it. Time inside this window that's marked here. Price is here. You determine both have to agree over top of quadrant. Is that complicated? Is it complicated? If it's your first time around, if it's your first rodeo here, this is a whole lot of I don't know what the [ __ ] he's talking about, but it sounds great. He sounds like he believes it. So, I'll spend some time with it a little while. But for the people that have been around for a little while and they know how to find trades that are based on the stuff I've taught thus far, you now are PhD level. Take a deep breath right now and think about what you have been shown because I'm telling you how I call every [ __ ] candle as it forms. And it should not come down to that one. It should not come up to here. It should do this. It shouldn't do that. It should do this, but it won't do that. Relative equal highs. Last hour. It's only a scalpers market. Run up. Take the liquidity out. You have a quadrant here and a quadrant here. If it's the last hour trading, do you want to see it rip and run? No, you're not expecting that. You just want to get a small little piece surgical strike like a cookie cutter shark. There's a shark out there in the water that literally is a little [ __ ] that runs around, finds something bigger than itself. Runs up against it, slams into it, boom, hits it, and its mouth is a perfect circle. It bites and runs away. And hopefully it runs away, and it lives to do it again. And that's how it eats. You are a cookie cutter shark in the last hour trading. That's all you're doing. This is the shark. This is the whale. This is the other bigger fish out there. All you're doing is running from the logical level of entering to get that liquidity, get that little bite of it. That's it. You're done. You're done. If this was forming in the first 30 minutes of trading, you are not doing that. You can take something off there to make sure you pay yourself, fund the trade, then let it rip. See how you have to use some characteristics and changing of your thought process from one time of the day versus another time of the day. And the reason why it's like this is because if you're looking at the daily range over here on Friday, uh just for a moment, let me just take all this [ __ ] off here. On Friday, you opened here, traded all the way down, and then up here. So, you're already in the last portion of the day. The likelihood of this thing careening up to make all-time highs, not likely. It's not likely to get up to Thursday's high either. It's a lot of range to do in one hour. So, and you're you're looking at the power three, which is the open, high, low, and close formation, which is open, accumulate, manipulate, distribute AMD, power three. It's the way the candlesticks formed its daily range. You're trading in the last portion of the day. That's not when the biggest portion of the move takes place. The biggest portion of the move is between the first 30 minutes of trading at 9, I'm sorry, at 10 o'clock in the morning up to 2 o'clock in the afternoon. Don't take my word for it. That's the lion's portion of the daily range every single day. Unless you see a day like two Fridays ago where it's just it is that that's a totally different animal. But generally the distribution of the volume of not volume in the sense that you want to hear me say it. It's the volume of the daily candlestick's body. The range of the body of the candlestick that's formed between 10 o'clock in the morning and 2 o'clock in the afternoon. And usually anything after 2 o'clock is just the sm the the small continuation of what's already been done since the opening bell or overnight if it's been really moving. And I think that's going to do it for today. Um, I gave you a lot of stuff. Didn't even charge it as much as I wanted to, but uh, uh, give me a second here. Let me check uh, let me check my Twitter and see if I put anybody to sleep. Was this boring or did you find anything in value at all today? Let me see here. Let me see. Think I put a lot of you to sleep. I haven't looked how many people have watched the stream. If someone knows this, send me a a tweet because I I don't want to change screens and look at it yet. I like to look at it after the fact. I get stage fright when I know there's a lot of people watching. You're welcome, Pavon. If I said that right, Pavon or Payon. Oh, cool. Cool. I got three people that said they liked it. That's enough for me today. So, do enjoy the rest of your Saturday. Enjoy and relax Sunday. I'm going to try to do that and then uh we'll be back at it, Lord willing, on Monday and I'll probably uh tickle your Twitter day there or two. Until I talk to you then, be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: ICT Forex & Futures Market Review \ October 15, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9BctYx0LaI
================================================================================

Hi folks, welcome back. This is October 15, 2025 market review. We start with the Forex market and dollar index. All right, so here we have the dollar index daily on the left, five minute on the right. As I mentioned yesterday, if it was going to stay bullish, I did not want to see it come back down inside this suspension block. It had already used its consequent encroachment here, so that would be enough for my liking. Um, so for it to resume being bullish, it needs to shake this retracement down into this suspension block off immediately. So tomorrow it would need to start showing willingness to want to go higher or deeper retracements are most likely in order. We have relative equal highs up here. They stayed clean and we broke lower. Had a consolidation in here. You'll look at the review or the live stream I did yesterday. It's kind of long, but I actually teach how to find the right fair value gaps that it's highly precise. It's very systematic and it uses the quadrants on Wix and not only Wix, but it's also in the Fairbag app and inefficiencies. So, I have uh that area here protracted to the right. You can see that offered a little bit of premium sensitivity here, broke lower, and then over midnight last night, we worked at the low of this old bounce outside efficiency that's shaded in pink. We traded up into it here, traded a little bit deeper into the retracement of this run. Then we broke lower, consolidated, and then we had a sell-off during the morning session for dollar index. Euro dollar still in this ugly range in here. It's it's I I can't explain how difficult it is for me to explain what we're likely to do next while we're in this type of area because it literally could go either way. So, you know, that's that's the way it is. If you if you recall what I said, I'm not interested in Forex. I'm not interested in it at all because it's in areas where it doesn't have high probability one direction over the other. So, that's why I stick with the NASDAQ. Okay? And it's really moving better than Forex anyway. But I know you guys want to know, so I'm sharing it now. All right. So, there's a lot of business going on in here. I have this wick, a discount wick. I had that graded and I have this longer wick right here. I have the lower quadrant annotated. That's what you see right here at that 1.163 level and that's shown over here. Okay. And the immediate rebalance I mentioned if we trade above that on a closing base on the daily chart all bets are off. Then I think we're probably going to go higher on Euro dollar. would mean lower prices on dollar index. Uh we haven't got that yet, but obviously we haven't closed for the day. It's kind of still a little early, but I have to get this done when I can. So the wick here, it's graded and we see 1.16220. That's this level right here. And then we have 16325. That's the upper quadrant of this wick. See that? Now, if you look real close, we had price run up, trade into the 1.16380 level, which is the high of this discount wick or the closing candle price of that day. We up to it, the body stop and confirm here after a shift to market structure. We break lower down to the 1.16220 level. It's upper quadrant of the longest discount wick in here. We rally back up and we go right to 1.16325. It stops dead to the tick right here. It's probably random. We break lower, trade down into bullish order block, which is the last two down closed candles here consecutively with a fair value gap. Hint, hint, nudge, nudge. And then we rally up. We have a B mount sell sign deficiency after a breakaway gap. Okay, so we have a breakaway gap, fair value gap, it trades down into it, sends it higher, a measuring gap, rally up and institutional orderflow entry drill inside the measuring gap and a B side of balance outside efficiency there on top of that 1.16325 quadrant level which is the upper quadrant of this discount wick. Able or British pound versus US dollar. It's had a nice showing after running down to its lower quadrant of this premium turn discount wick. Traded down to it perfectly. And now we've seen it deliver all the way up to the high of this wick and trade even higher into this candlestick's wick low. Now, why am I not using this one here? You're going to be wondering why. It's because this one basically lays right on top of the the uh opening price of this candlestick. And whenever there's a shared value of two PDAs, I'm going to look for something else that's going to be outside of that. So it gives me a better it gives me a better filter for looking for levels instead of just demanding that because this low and this opening price basically is the same or very close to it. I want something that's different and that's right here. We're seeing this wick here. So that's why that one's graded. And you can see the levels over here. Uh, one. My eyes are so 1.34009. That's this level here. So, the next one above it is the the low of that wick right there. So, 1.34009 is the low of that discount wick. But when we're trading up to it, it's going to act as a premium rate, drawing price in. Hits it there. It's uh drawn up into these levels after leaving all of this consolidation. This is very similar to what I outlined yesterday in the live stream, which is a setup that forms every single day during the New York morning session between 7:00 in the morning, 10:00 in the morning Eastern time. So, it's 3-hour window. You can do all the setup hunting you'd ever want to do in those three hours. You don't even need to trade anything else. But I want you to look at the 1.33637. This level right here, that level is this right here. That's encouragement of this discount wick. On that level we have an old buy side balance sell sign efficiency. We have a breaker low high lower low right on side right on that level as well. And then we have the reclaimed fair value gap there and breaker. And then look at the price here. It's if you grade the buy side balance outside efficiency look at the low tapping right there. And look what the bodies are showing you. They're staying in the upper half, but only wicking down, allowing you what? Expectation. It's going to go higher when it carines off into this candlestick's low. You can see that being done beautifully there. Fair Bay gap there as well. Uh, another bullish fair value gap that's reclaimed over here. You can see the lower quadrant nailed it to the tick there as well. And then the bodies, look at the bodies right there. It's indicating that it's not wanting to go lower. It's bullish and it takes off. That is my language. That's algorithmic price delivery. It's algorithmic tape reading signals. It's like like billboard signs saying, "Look at me. I'm getting ready to go up. I'm getting ready to go up." And I talked about this yesterday. Talked about it a lot in mentorship uh lectures, too. But you a lot of you guys weren't there. So, you just have to take my word for it. October 15, 2025 for the index futures market. And obviously the one I'm focusing on primarily still is this the commiss the Christmas rather uh December contract for ENQ mini futures. I think we're starting off with the regular trading hours chart here. So regular trading hour shows the difference between where we settled yesterday at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time and then we opened up at 9:30 Eastern time. So that difference is the opening range gap or regular trading hours opening range gap and it's abbreviated by RTH O RG. The high is the opening price because it's higher than where we settled at the previous day. That's regular trading hours opening range gap low. This is also the price level that you would have noted as the 9:30 opening price. Okay? So you can always add that in in the description as well. Midnight opening price Eastern time. I mentioned that yesterday in the live stream. You want to have that price. And then we had a sellside liquidity pool and we'll look at that in here. I kind of posted that already install the thunder, but I told you you needed to do this for your homework. But the market trades up into this fair value gap. What's the sibby? I told you to have that and grade it. And those levels were shown to you yesterday. And 25 111.75. That's this level here. And man, it's almost as if the stuff I teach works precisely. The market rallies up, stops dead in its tracks, looks like a big bull flag, and then it's not a bull flag. Okay? And then we have a sell side bounce side efficiency. We hit it here, return back into it, break away from the consequent encroachment of that daily cibby, which is this candlestick's low, this candlestick's high. There's that 25,0630 level there. And we break, we come back to trading hours, opening range gap high or opening price at uh 9:30 Eastern time. Trade through it, come right back up, hits it. This is how you see it as a short. You have all this unfilled price action. and traded there overnight in electronic trading hours. But in record trading hours, it's like a big vacuum. Remember I was telling you that if you have um the analogy I used was these uh vacuum sealed bags and you use your vacuum cleaner to suck the air out of it and store things much more efficiently because it flattens it down. When you break that seal, what's going to happen? All the air is going to rush back right back into it. Well, that's what's happening here. When you break the seal, goes back to the regular trading hours opening range gap high or 9:30 opening price hits. It starts to break down trade way back up and then we go right to inside the opening range gap quadrants. So here's opening range gap high upper quadrant consequent encouragement lower quadrant low. Okay. And we have price breaking aggressively here. Consolidating one more break lower trading back to midnight opening price and trades to the lower quadrant here. Takes one more time touch that before it breaks lower and completely closes in the gap. Now I want to take you over to the regular trading hours chart and I showed you on Twitter or X this in here and then we rallied up and we come back right back down in during the macro 750 Eastern time to 8:10 that's my macro time. This trades right down into a quadrant level. I want you to look at your charts and you'll see it. It stops dead right on the right on it to the tick during the macro. It's probably random. And it rallies up, consolidates, and then we have this drop down at the opening price at 9:30. So opening range, first 30 minutes. It's not 15 minutes. I don't care what anybody tells you. It's 30 minute interval. We drop down during the first 30 minutes. And then the first presented fair value gap here. We trade, excuse me, we trade down into the low of the morning and then we rally back up to first percent of fair value gap which is now going to act because we have relative equal highs up here. Smooth edges. Uh I was in Lumi Traders live stream. And I called this out live uh to watch the first percent of fair value got and then used this as the draw and we opened up with a run here dropped down into consequent encroachment and then volied higher taking out the 2525 level. That was the only thing I had time to to kind of like illustrate and then it rallied up even more. went back to regular trading hours opening range gap high accumulated more here and ripped higher up into 25,110 and 111 which is here that's this upper quadrant of this civi perfect are you starting to see what I mean by I'm not surprised by these things and what everybody in the past has always said you know he's got to be cherrypicking he's got to be photoshopping it it's got to be something extra it's got to be all these different recorded um devices and then he picks the one that works perfectly. I don't need any of that stuff. Like I don't need any of that. Like I don't need crutches. So you can see how the things I'm teaching you just like I did in that uh live stream yesterday, that live stream yesterday, while albeit vulgar. It was literally me giving you a master's class in price action algorithmically with my own language. That way you can see it's like me pulling the veil back and you can see the real me. Like this is the stuff I have had for decades and nobody else has had it. And I'm I'm just revealing a little bit of things that people say all the time like um fair value gaps and imbalances and orblocks. Uh it's a guess. Wrong wrong cubby. Um this is precise. It's really really perfect. It's perfect. And when you understand the science, when you blend them together, all you're doing is waiting for that to agree with time. Time time. When this market turns here, it's entering a macro. This at this price, the opening price at 9:30. It's during a macro. It rips and goes higher. It spends its time up here, time distortion. Then it folds, goes lower, trades right back up into the opening price at 9:30. We consolidate. This segment of price action here is just the overlapping of this rectangle in pink and this being in a different hue. So it's going to give you this kind of color here. That's not me showing any kind of like inversion fair. That's not that's what I'm not representing there. The inversion is the yellowish almost pale orange. what's being shown here. This discoloration is just because they're overlapping. There's nothing I can do about that. So, we we trade back to first gap in here and then we fold over down to lower quadrant of the opening range gap down to the full closure of it and then we trade down into 0.75 or the lower quadrant of this wick because now we're working back down into the range of this candlestick. So if once we go below this candlestick's closing price, we have to have these levels in mind on our chart. And you can see it trades right down to the lower quadrant there at 24,672 and a half or I'm saying upper u it should be saying the upper quadrant, not the lower quadrant. The upper quadrant here at 24,672 and that's what you're seeing here. And if you go even further, you'll see that there's relative equal lows here. The one to the right is slightly higher. That means it's a strong candidate for a run on liquidity. And it dove all the way down, hit that and upper quadrant of this discount wick. And then look at the repelling back up that it showed here. Pretty wild volatility. I told you that was going to happen yesterday. I told you that's what's coming. And if you're not careful, if you don't know what you're doing, you're trying to trade without stop losses because you think you're going to be better than the average bear, you're going to have your clock cleaned and there's simply no reason for doing it like that. So that's it for today. Uh short, sweet, direct, to the point. And I'm going to wish you all a very pleasant evening. And if Lord willing, I will touch base with you tomorrow.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: ICT Secret To Selecting Algorithmic PD Arrays \ October 14, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9w1Nc6FK0c
================================================================================

audio check real quick. See if I can hear myself. All right, I'm gonna live stream the review. I was going to do it. Usually takes me so much time to do these things, the uh between the compression software that makes the the video for you guys to be able to see it on YouTube, them putting it up on YouTube, and they do all their business with it. it it just to save some time. I'm probably going to have some uh things in here that I would normally want to edit out. You're just going to have to just accept it. Okay. I'm really short on time. But we're looking at the dollar index uh daily chart on the lefth hand side. Uh we traded up into nothing here is going to be time sensitive. So, don't be upset with me if you don't get the alert from YouTube or or I didn't tweet it or or something to that effect. This is just for my benefit to get it done quickly. Uh, but we have a old buy side of balance sellside efficiency and that's we're we're stuck inside that right now. So, it hasn't really done much in regards to moving beyond that. There's buy side resting here and then there is the consequent encroachment of the suspension block in here. We already traded there. So any movement back down in would be problematic in my opinion because we've already done enough in here for the suspension block to yield its help in terms of supporting prices and up into higher prices. So I don't want to personally see if dollar stays firm I don't want to see this area in here give up the ghost I don't want to see anything traded down below consequent encouragement I don't even want to see it trade back to it at all now can it touch the lower quadrant of that daily bounce sellside sign efficiency that's shaded in pink here can it do that sure can prefer it not do that like it's done so far see how it's come down real low to it but it hasn't done the actual touch. So, that's good. And you're going to hear my puppies in the background cuz Piper's outside right behind me and she's wanting me to go outside and play with her. Her little squeaky toy. So, I can't do anything about that. These are all things I would usually pause the video and edit it all out, but I can't. I don't have the luxury of doing that today. So, here's the business on the fiveminute chart. Dollar index. And we came down, cleared some sellside here, there rallied up. We had a breaker that's normally a bearish structure when it's like this. And when we trade above it, it acts as an inversion breaker. We see that traded here. And they left relative equal highs up here. So this to me, you know, it's kind of tricky to be honest with you because we have these on the buy side, but we also have the sell side down here. So that's why I'm telling you dollar index is kind of like it can go either way and either side getting hit here or here could send it the other direction to get the opposite liquidity. I'll give you an example what I mean by that. It could come down here take this liquidity and then come all the way back up and take that or it can come up here and grab that and then go down here. So it's kind of like a if then if it does this then I'll do that. If it does that then I'll do this. So, I don't trade dollar index, but you know, right now with all the things that's going on around the world, you know, I'm surprised that dollar is where it's at right now, to be honest with you, with gold, you know, surging above 4,000, you know, plus. Uh, it's just well, it's a little against the grain for a dollar to be performing like it's doing here. I would expect it to be in a smaller consolidation or trading lower. That's what I would expect. But it's not doing that, which is in a way kind of like a decoupling. And it's not surprising because there's so many things going on geopolitically, economically. You know, our government's a bunch of clowns. You all of those senators should have their pay stopped and frozen. If they want to shut the government down, they should they should be part of the government shutdown. Their pay stops. you know, they want to stop the military pay paychecks and whatnot, the federal employees. If they get the pay cut stopped, then the senators should have to stop. Then we probably get things done. But there's so many things going on. It is very difficult to just lean on the dollar index because the dollar index is not doing anything that you would expect it to do right now given the climate, given the technicals of everything else that's going on in the marketplace. So anyway, um those are the two pools of liquidity I'm looking for. So I'm kind of neutral on dollar. I want to I want to see it stay firm, but if it goes lower, it goes lower to take this sell side. That's the only interest I'd have. If it goes down below that and then really starts to fall out of bed, then I think that we'll probably see all-time highs resume in equities. And I'll get to that in a minute when we go get to the NASDAQ part, but I want to kind of get through this stuff. So, we're looking at uh Euro Dollar next. All this is just is just my opinion. So, none of this should be used for for trading purposes or anything like that. We did disclaimer down in the video description. It's always there. So, the business here on the Euro dollar, uh, we had buy sell side efficiency. I sent these charts in the levels I was interested in on Telegram this morning cuz I I started thinking to myself like if I don't share the levels I'm interested in beforehand, it won't have the same impact I hope would would have when I shared the analysis or not the analysis but the the call out on NASDAQ on X. If you're not following me on X, uh I'll do my best to try to remember to put the link to the post I'm going to refer to here in this in this discussion, but uh over 700,000 of you saw me tweet about it and call it you to the tick today. So, looking at Euro Dollar, uh we're we're sitting inside of a pretty difficult sloppy range in here. Um, I think personally, uh, because we've made it jagged on the upside here, a deeper retracement down into this buy side and balance sellside efficiency is warranted. I think it would be, um, helpful, but reverse the script for a second. Play devil's advocate in your own analysis. And this is what I like to do. If I'm wrong, how would I be wrong? And what would it be going for if I'm wrong? Well, we have relative equal highs and that are real, real smooth. And that's really sold the idea that that's strong what retail resistance and you can already see they're trying to you muscle their way up in there. So we dug down into this buy side balance sell sign efficiency on the daily charts already. And if we can muster the strength to get back above the immediate rebalance I showed here on the the daily chart. It's trading at essentially the 11649. So that's above these obviously. So if it runs that and goes above and closes on a closing base on the daily chart above the immediate rebalance, then we're probably looking at some kind of internal shift that would pre potentially send dollar lower or stay in a very narrow consolidation permitting the euro and cable and other uh FX pairs to move without its participation. as you would expect it to be the opposite. Whatever the currency like euro, cable, um, yen, whatever, they would go one direction and dollar would go the other. That's the normal dichotomy between. But it's not always like that. Sometimes the dollar is held and then the other currencies are allowed to to move around. And when it's like that, you will see the crosses like Euro pound, euroyen, um Aussie yen, all the the non dollarbased currency pairs, they will do exceedingly well. They'll have a whole lot more movement and they'll have freedom to allow the market to do whatever, you know, wherever it wants to go. it'll go there quickly and it'll do it dynamically all the while while the dollar index doesn't do anything at all which sometimes is confusing for someone that's trying to trade forex but that's a you that's a condition that can happen in the marketplace. So moving on into I kind of like quickly want to get into the NASDAQ because I'm not so much interested in Forex. I know majority of you are Forex freaks, but uh I just I'm not touching those currency pairs, but I promised I would give my opinion on them for whatever it's worth. And you may not think it's worth much at all. That's okay. It's free. All right. So, here is the cable market. Okay. And I shared these uh charts in the Telegram channel this morning. And you can see this discount I'm sorry this yeah it's a discount array but it's a premium wick. So when price is up here and it's trading down the natural tendency is to think okay well classic support and resistance theory would be this down here is where they would expect price to trade down to that low and then bounce or break below it retest and keep going lower. I'm not supporting resistance. School of thought from ICT would be while you're up here, it might want to trade down to this candlesticks open, which is to change in a state of delivery for the order blocks furthest uh discount candle. This this is the lowest one in the series of all these down close candles. So, that would be a change in the state of delivery. It would be reasonable to expect that, but I'm not. If I'm looking for lower prices, I would look for that as a like a speed bump, maybe a mile marker, but I would want to see it then get into this wick. Okay, so that's the reason why I shared these levels in here. And also this one, this would be the one that would you would use. Let me bring it a little bit wider so you can see it. I know some of you guys complain, but you should be able to zoom in on the playback. If not, I don't know why you wouldn't be able to. But here is the premium wick. When price is up here and it's trading down, that's going to act as a inversion. So if it's premium on the candlestick, but price is above it, the algorithm will see that as a discount array. And we treat wicks like gaps. So in in full theory, it would look like this. All levels for this. And I'm just going to take this one off just for for clarity sake. There might be a little too many things on the chart for you to follow along. But in here, this premium wick is a level that the market will draw into when price is above it. So, if market price is above this specific candlestick, and you're probably thinking, well, why am I using this one and not this one? Because isn't this the tallest one, the highest one? It is, but you got to think in terms of when prices are high and the market price is above every PD rate that you would have in indicated on your chart. This is the lowest wick. So, this would be the most in terms of a premium wick. Every every wick above the candlestick's body, this would be the candlestick that you would or I would rather anticipate reaching down into if there is no interest at all trading to consequent I'm not changing state. See that would be an edit point right there. The opening of this price here would be the change to say delivery. So for order block PD uh array that would be the the level to draw to. But what happens if it doesn't want to go down there? Then you have to consider every one of these wicks. And since there's a series of them, you want to concern yourself with what's the lowest one it could trade to, and it's this one here. There's nothing wrong with grading this wick here. And you if you do it, you'll see there's levels that it's tapping and using. But in terms of a D retracement moving lower, my eye goes right here because that's going to be treated as a gap. Moving over to market price. Now you can see we traded down to the lowest quadrant, but not the low of that wick. Piper's really trying to get my attention. I'm not sure if you guys can hear her squeaky toy, but it's driving me nuts. But here's the open of that candlestick and it's this price here. But the lower quadrant, not the high, not the upper quadrant, not the consequent encroachment, but the lower quadrant level at 1.32495. That level there is exactly what you see delivered to here. And price rallied above. And then we use the high of that wick right there, which is at 1.32822. Hits it here and then it rallies and starting to run back up. So looking at these highs here, we have potentially a high probability candidate for drawing liquidity because we have the lower high to the right than that one. So your buy side should be drawn on at around the 13370 level or thereabouts. And then your sell side would obviously be the low here and then into this candlestick's open and then you would grade that wick down here if it starts to break down lower. But we've had several attempts now. We hit the high of it, this wick here. We hit that one. We went to the upper quadrant, failed to get to consequent encouragement. And then we went through consequent encouragement and went right to the lower quadrant of that one there. And this is a lot of give back. So if I were short, I' I'd be concerned because we've already done enough reaching down here. So where it's at now, you know, it's it's concerned for short-term bearish, you know, bearishness. Uh gold, I said I would talk about that this week. And let's do that now. I shared again these charts. Uh, see, Z is the contract month, delivery, December. And you can do everything I'm showing you here. Everything I'm showing you with the futures contract for gold. When you're when you're tape reading, we're not trading. I'm not giving you trade advice. I'm not giving you investment advice. I'm not telling you to buy or sell anything. But when you're looking at your your levels in relationship to what I'm showing you here on the futures contract, pull up the symbol GC Z205 like you just watched me do here. And then if you are a CFD trader, if you're outside the United States because we're not allowed legally to trade them in the US, but I know there's a lot of you that are students around the world that you don't have the luxury of trading the futures contract unless you're trading these funded account companies, which you're still not trading the futures uh contract anyway. You're in a demo account. But in deference to the folks that are trading CFDs, you want to match up the time candle that I'm anchoring to on the futures contract. Everything I'm showing you here, match that up to the time candle for your CFD. So, AU, I'm sorry, X AUSD, for instance, if that's what you're going to be trading with or not trading with, but doing you doing your analysis and studying with, that would be uh how you match this up. Okay? So, everything I'm going to show you here, you do the same thing that way. I gave you some hints the other day about using the uh the same times that I use for regular trading hours for equities and we'll cover a little bit more detail about that in a moment. But uh the daily chart here on the lefth hand side you see we had a buy side of balance sell side efficiency is shaded in blue. Uh notice that it had no interest at all getting down to the upper quadrant. It used the top the top end of the which is this candlesticks low. It hit once here twice and then said I got to go. And that is what you want to see when you're in a bullish market. When you're looking for bullishness, you do not want to see my fair value gaps traded down into. You don't want to see them go to their quadrants. You certainly don't want to see them go to consequent encroachment. You don't want to see them completely close in. Um there's so many people out there that think that, you know, I want every inefficiency closed in or it must close in. That's not what I taught. I'm not Chris Lori. That's what Chris Lori teaches. That stuff is flawed logic. You have to have inefficiencies left open to indicate what? Strength. And if you're bullish, you want to see inefficiencies not be offered as a a fulfillment lower. Because if the premium is real and and it's an instrument that is technically undervalued, why would they offer the discount price? They wouldn't. If you had the hottest thing right now that everybody wanted to buy at Christmas time, would you offer sale prices on it? No. You're going to keep increasing the price higher, higher, higher. Well, that's what the algorithm does. It just keeps offering higher price. And everybody's doing market orders all the time. There's somebody out there doing a market order all the time. That's why when I tell you stop looking at these DOMs, these depth of markets, these ladders, you these level two things. There's no advantage in that because the same number of contracts above the marketplace price and below. It's it's a it's a bracket. There's no advantage. There's no imbalance at all. There's the same number of contracts spread across everything. Okay? If you look at it that way, and the only thing you have is a religion believing that that has some kind of insight that's yielding to you the prognostication that you hope it has. And there's it's just an illusion. Now, when we're looking at inefficiencies like this, we want to see price literally stay open because if the inefficiencies can stay open or fail to even touch the quadrant levels and it starts to rally, man, if you're long, that's when you want to start adding to your longs. You want to build in larger positions. That means every time you have a short-term retracement, anything intraday, you want to build that position up. Build it up. Build it up. Build it up because it's already indicating strength. And if you go back and look at what I said on X or if you've been with me for a long time, you know, back in 2016 before Trump was even elected, I said that we would see 3,000, 4,000, and as much as 5,000 gold. And go back, if you're a student of mine, you have all these things in recording. I don't need to find them. You have them. And people, you people were laughing, you know, when I was saying those things. I said, listen, you know, before Trump even got elected, I said, he's going to be elected and they're going to use him as a fall guy. He's going to get the blame for everything. Everything. Now, the only thing I was wrong about was his first term. They didn't do it. They They built this division between everybody. And I'm I'm getting somewhere with this. But they built this division and they made teams. Team Trump, team non-Trump. And I'm indifferent. I'm neither. Okay? So, I'm staying objective because I don't vote. I've never voted. And my opinion is valid because I'm not part of anybody's team. I have no affiliation with either side. I'm not Democrat. I'm not Republican. I'm not independent. I think it's the same bird. It's the same coin. Two different sides. You're falling victim to it. And I don't subscribe to it. I don't I don't fall victim to the left right paradigm. And you can if you want to be a liberal, you want to be a Democrat, you want to be a conservative, you want to be a hardrightist, you know, libertarian, whatever you want to call yourself, I could care less. But those things, okay, blind us as investors because we have a sub we have a subscription to the team mentality. And it's real hard as an educator to try to break through that barrier. And I know that when I say certain things, people just don't want to believe it. But in 2016, I said he would be elected. I said he would be used to crash the economy and he would be the one that they put all the blame on. And it didn't happen in his first term. And then Knox obviously, you know, 2020 was rigged and you can believe whatever you want to believe about, but they even brought the evidence out. It's it was cooked. He won this time and everybody expected him to come in like the white knight and fix everything. But it has a different feeling, doesn't it? A whole lot of stuff's going on right now. And the things that he's campaigned on, I don't see it happening. And maybe you see it, but I don't see it happening. I see a lot of things that are unconstitutional really. And you can be mad about that and that's not the point of this conversation, but that idea of separation between the normal, what should be allowed, what shouldn't be allowed. Um, it's it's it's culminating into a huge problem. It's a storm. All those things are fueling gold. Nobody trusts their money in banks. Nobody trusts their money just sitting in like money market or CDs because you're not getting any interest. And nobody's trusting the dollar anymore. Not in the US, not abroad. And the BRICS nations are working towards trying to develop a gold back currency as a replacement for the green back their dollar because it's the global reserve currency. and they're really trying to remove that and I personally think that it's going to be successful. It may not be bricks nations that's doing it eventually. Uh but they have the best advantage in my opinion if anybody does at this moment but eventually the dollar will be replaced with something and that's what we're watching. We're watching the deconstruction of that and all those things is what I talked about in 2016 before he even got elected. And look around it's happening. I said we'd see military in our streets. We're seeing military in our streets. You know, we're we're going to see worse things than that. And all of that uncertainty is putting more emphasis on securing it, money, wealth in gold and silver is the poor man's gold. And we have just breached the Hunt Brothers debacle where they cornered the market a long couple decades ago. Uh it was before I started trading, but we're in we're in alltime highs there, too. And that market can go anywhere, man. Like, you have no idea where silver can go. I don't know where it can go. I just know I'm not trying to pick a top in that market and I'm not trying to pick pick a top in the gold market because nothing has changed. In fact, everything that's led up to right now, it's gotten worse and it's on the horizon potentially even getting more worse than that. So, I'm not trying to be a Debbie doomer gloomer, but you know, as an investor, you have to be able to weigh these things and not lose your mind over the emotional sides of it. You know, don't don't come at me because you're a Democrat and you think I said something to offend you. Don't come at me as a a conservative and say, "Well, you should have did this and can't you see Trump's doing I could care less." Okay? I really don't care. I I I'm not going to lose any sleep over it. I don't care if oil goes to $250 a barrel. I'm still going to drive eight cylinder cars. I'm going to drive vets. I'm going to none of this is going to affect me. It's not going to affect me. Okay? I will find a way to outpace all their I ain't worried about it. But the point is is if you're trying to learn how to do this, you have to have a perception that's outside the normal realm of retail. And even if you understood an imbalance in price action, even if you understood um you know valuation and price action, leaving inefficiencies open like this is exactly what you want to see if you're bullish and when prices is going lower. If it's leaving inefficiencies open and it doesn't come back up into them, if it can't even touch the lower quadrant when you're bearish, that's really bearish. Well, in the same sense here, just reversing it, when it's bullish like this, we don't even want to see it trade down in the upper quadrant and it doesn't do that. And go back and look at the tweet. I just said it a little while ago. So, we're, you know, we're going to see 4,000 and I don't see it stopping there. You know, I I see 5,000 gold easy. Like, I see it. It's it's it's no reason for it not to be there. There's a ton of people that want Bitcoin to go to a million. Okay. And if Bitcoin was supposed to be this isolation from fiat, then it should have never had what it had happened to it last Friday. And you can hate me all you want about that, but that's just the truth. That that's when it should have went straight up and did another quarter, you know, you know, whatever percentage you want to call it, just had an extrapolated move. That's what it should have been. That's what it was sold to you as the public. You you're believing that's what it's supposed to do. Well, it didn't do any of that, did it? And I know people now that lost fortunes in that trash. And literally some of them, I don't know these people, but some of them out there that have traded big time, they don't they don't even live anymore. They kill themselves. Now think about that. That's nuts. You're overleveraged. Your expectations are too high. You're punched drunk. And you don't want to see it any other way. These markets right now, all of them are in conditions that could literally wipe you out. And I know a lot of you listening are playing these demo accounts because you're trading in funded account companies where it's not even real money. And you think, what's the worst could happen? Well, in in certain respects, I guess I can agree with you there. You're only going to have to pay whatever you pay to reset or what you you pay per month to keep the accounts open. But you shouldn't be going hog wild and going here and trying to, you know, bet the farm on everything, expecting big, you know, lottery wins. Don't do that. You need to have rule-based ideas and things that lean on that you can trust. And one of the things that I found the most trust in is when my fair value gaps form in price action, if they can't draw price down into them and I'm bullish, I'm wildly bullish then. Like I'm really bullish and every indication post fair a gap not being traded into like it does here. Everything past that on intraday that's a discount array should be considered as a reason to go higher. And you you can see the price action here. It's just a straight run up. It's they're not letting this thing go down. They don't want it to go down. And they've already indicated down here that it shouldn't because it's kept at bay. It won't it won't go to a discount when this inefficiency right here. Let me let me move this over so you can see a little bit easier. This candlesticks low. This candlesticks high in between those two points. This candle's high. That candlesticks low. This portion of price action should have it should have carried the market down to at least half and then rally. That's a normal bullish market. That's normal. Can it come all the way down, fill that in, and go up? Yes, it can do that. But when it does that, I'm far less bullish on the marketplace. I would want something after it closes the fair value gap in. I would want something over here, create a new shift in market structure on a smaller time frame and then look for the same event where it doesn't fill in a fair value gap and then I would resume going in looking for longs. I don't like to trade a full closure of a fair value gap. I like to do that when I'm short and if it trades down there, that's where I'm trying to take profits. But I do not like to buy a full closure of a fair value gap when it's a buy side and balance sell side efficiency and I'm bullish. I don't ever want to go in there and do that. Look at my trades. Do you ever see me executing like that? It's never happening, folks. It's never happening. You learn more from studying my executions than trying to you come up with these, you know, hypothetical. He's doing this, he's doing that. Just look at what I'm doing. I mean, look at where I'm entering. I'm entering at the best places at the best time and I'm looking at areas where they don't fully close in or I'm entering just after that's occurred. That's like the biggest tip and hint I could give you as a smart money operator. Like I'm telling you literally that is worth its weight in gold. Nobody talks about that. They all want to see these closures. That's that's that's not what I I've never taught that. That has never been coming out of my mouth. That's never come out. I don't want to take those trades. I I don't mean that it can't happen. Yeah, that's sure it can happen. But I'm not going to enter on that basis alone. I want to see it. If it's going to do that, then I want to see it give me some more proof that it needs to climb to the upper half of that inefficiency. Then give me some kind of a smaller one minute, five minute time frame shift in market structure where it gives another fractal form of this bigger buy side balance sellside efficiency just done on a smaller time frame. And then if it can fail to fill in that one, then I'll start going in there and filing order flow that way. But you just can't go in here and just simply say, "Well, there's an inefficiency and I'm going to get real real bullish once it goes there and I'm going to buy that." Because think about it, if it's going to go higher, and you want to be in markets that want to go higher if you're bullish. And if you want to be in a bullish market, you want to be in a bullish market that's going to take off and just run and run and run. If you ain't seeing signatures like this in price action, you don't have a A+ situation where you're buying strength. Really, you're just going in there buying something that is no different than support resistance. You don't know if this is going to come down to that that low of that fair value gap and bounce. In fact, I'll I'll go so far as to say this. When it does that, I'm admitting to you when it closes the fair value gap in, I don't know. I don't know if it's going to stop there and go higher, which is exactly why I gave the rules that I give you. I want to see it not fill it. But if if I'm in a long and I have a stop loss that's maybe a consequent encouragement or tick below it and it starts trading below the upper quadrant, I'll kill that trade. Then I'll wait for it to come down and and do whatever business is going to do and I'll take that loss. It's not it's not it's literally just like paying an insurance premium. It's that's all it is is you're paying an insurance premium. I'm ensuring that I'm not going to sit in a larger loss, but I'm protecting myself and I'm guarding my mental capital and then I'll wait for what I would rather see is that to show me a willingness to come out of that if it goes in the lower half, it needs to come back out of that and then give me some supporting structure in a lower time frame where it does the same thing here. A buy balance sell efficiency that does not fill in on a lower time frame. Then I'll hop back on and start building my position up with half the position I took as a initial loss in here absorbing that because maybe I got a bad read on it. Maybe I was a little too overzealous or whatever. But I don't ever want to be buying full closure of a fair value gap. I I don't want that. I want to see them stay open. And in certain respects that that's why you see these nitwits on the internet when I first started teaching fair value gaps. They would say, "Oh, look, it failed here. Look, it didn't go down there. It really they don't even realize that's exactly what that's the best case scenario. And it just goes to show you you if you listen to morons, you're going to get advice. Seriously. And there's so many morons on the internet right now looking for 5-second fame. They just want to seem like they know something. And that's that's the state of affairs all around the world right now. Everybody's looking for some kind of validation. Coming here to this community, you just plug in and be a part of it. You know, nobody's trying to be better than anybody else. I'm not trying to be some, you know, cult leader. I'm just hanging out with you and sharing for free things that I know work. And I prove it to you. I prove it to you and it cost you nothing. I'll tell you before it happens and it it works out perfectly. What better situation would you want? There is no better situation. Okay? But if you come here and you put blinders on or you have selective hearing or you want to teach yourself from hearing me teach and you want to cherrypick certain things out of, oh yeah, it makes sense to me there, but I'm not going to use what he said there because I don't believe that. I'm not telling you lies. I'm not telling you things that aren't factual. I'm telling you things that you can put your you know, let me let me hold that phrase there. You can bet your bottom dollar if a demo account quote unquote that what I'm telling you is the market gospel because when I say it you see it in price and there's no better indication than that. So when we're tape reading when I'm telling you over price action watch this watch that this is what's going to do you want to see this when it's doing that it's the same thing I'm outlining here. So when we saw this u by side bell side efficiency bissy fair value gap this is the biggest opportunity to see how much strength does gold really have and this is not limited to just gold you want to use this same concept anytime you're bullish anytime you are bullish on any market if there's an inefficiency this visual visual in the price action you want to see what's being shown here an inability for price to get down there you want it to saym I PT. Nah, man. You don't get VIP seating today. I'm going higher. That's exactly what I want. That's exactly what you want. That's exactly what a trader that's going long or wants to be bullish on a particular instrument. That's what we want to see. But you and your limited understanding when you come to me, you'll see that as I missed a trade, it didn't give me what I wanted because I wanted to buy consequent encroachment or upper quadrant and it starts to run away. Well, if it's showing it on a daily chart, all you have to do is drop down to an hourly chart, a 15 minutes chart, or anything less than, and look for anything that's bullish at the right time of day. Macro times, you saw that probably in the notes, it's staring you in your face right here. We're covering it in a minute. Those factors when they come together, it it's just like the puzzle pieces fall exactly how they should be. They dovetail nicely, and then you're you're on board. It doesn't mean you're going to do it perfectly. You never have a losing trade. I'm just saying that this is what I do when I'm following a market that I'm primarily bullish on. There's lots of times when a market's really really strong or really really weak, I miss the best entry I was hoping for because it never even gave me that price. So, how can that be a matter of skill? It's not a matter a matter of skill not being on par. It it means that if the price would have went there, I would have got that fill. But the fill wasn't offered to the market at all. Nobody was even given that price. So nobody was given upper quadrant, not consequent encouragement. It just went just below the high of that which is this candlestick's low. So I I really want to beat that in your head because a lot of people were asking me, you talk about gold, talk about gold, talk about gold. Gold's doing nothing different than any other market's doing. It's following the same stuff I teach, but you have to carry yourself differently with this market because it wants to go up. And there was a young man last I think it was last uh fall or the beginning of this year. Uh really really young guy. He was on Twitter going at everybody. He was short in gold. Short in gold. Short in gold. And I was like what in the world dude? Like what I know he's wasted now. You probably he probably deleted his channel off of of social media because it literally would have killed anybody. Like there's no way that nobody would have survived what he was trying to do with even with a demo account. like every every demo account that you could have ever had would have been dusted and destroyed. But gold's doing nothing different. It it still does the same things. But here's the caveat to this, okay? Gold is so manipulated. It's so suppressed. They do not let this market go to its real valuation. If it if it were if it really was allowed to be at its real valuation, it would put Bitcoin on welfare because it's the world's currency. It's the world's money. Gold. Gold. Only in the Bible will it talks about in Revelation they're going to throw gold and silver in the streets because it will not save them. You know, we might see that day, but right now it's money. Right now it's undervalued. Even after what you've seen it do, it's still undervalued. Does that mean it can't have vicious retracements? Sure, it can have a it could have a really wild retracement, but it doesn't change the fact that historically you looking forward from based where it came from and where it really should be on valuation. It's extremely too cheap. The problem is is can you afford to buy it at the levels you're looking at right now and weather any kind of retracement? That's that's the problem. That's what that's what we have to encounter as a trader. But anyway, when it's down here, what was the premium array that it would reach to if it's going to go higher? This high right here, since this is the highest wick compared to that one, this premium array when price is down here, if it's going to draw up to this high before it takes that high, we want to know what levels this wick offers in terms of grading it. So, we have the the low, which is the close of that candle, the lower quadrant. consequent encroachment midpoint upper quadrant and then the high of that wick and these levels are being shown here. Now watch, I'm going to give you a tip, okay? I'm going to say this and people will still watch this video and ask, "What's the benefit of knowing this? What's the benefit?" And I I I will say this part to you right now and it'll go over hundreds of people's head because you're not listening to learn. You're listening for give me a buy signal, where should my stop be, and where is it going next? That's what you were. That's what you're wanting me to say. And I'm trying to teach you how to read price action so that all those answers can be determined by your own experience and you'll have the comfort of picking that decision of participating or not participating based on your own understanding, not whatever I say. I'm not trying to tether you or any of you as students to me. Your graduation is I know enough to do this without you. I don't even watch your videos anymore. Great. That's awesome. That's exactly what I want. I want less people watching my videos because that means I'm succeeding in creating independent thinking traders. That's exactly what I want. And that is not what everybody else wants. They all want you paying them. Keep giving me ad revenue. Keep coming to my courses. Keep buying my All that stuff. It's nonsense. If you know how to trade after watching my stuff, there's no reason to come back. I'm not that interesting. I promise you. So, these levels carrying over to the right when price trades up to them. If now watch if when we trade up to premium rice down here, that's this right here. All these moves from these lows here is this just shown on a five-minute chart. That's this right here. So, if it's going to go higher, we've been bullish for a while. At least we would try to see it trade up into this high. That would be the draw in liquidity, the 481 level. If that's the case, and it's a wick, we grade that. How can we know that a move like this is going to come where it just keeps surging higher? How can how can we know that's going to happen? Do you have anything that's going to teach me how to expect that? How can we anticipate these really big extrapolations in price action? How can we do that ICT? Well, what you want to do is you want to go and buy this retail book, okay? John Murphy's technical analysis of the financial markets. Okay? And everything in that book, you want to study it and then learn to fade it. You want to look at it and say, "This is 90% likely it's going to fail. and then look for instances where where they see price where it went up here like this and then turned and went lower. They're going to see that as resistance. What you want to do using my gradient levels. That's this area right in here. Okay. So, watch. I'm going to zoom in. If the market's bullish, and we're going to say for the benefit of folks that have not been with me, maybe you're watching this video, you know, months or years after it's actually being done live streamed, this area here, the market moves off that inefficiency on the daily chart. Then it comes back down in the order block here and then rallies. It starts moving higher until we get up into that daily wick in this vicinity right here. That's this premium wick. So in this portion of price action on this day which is yesterday's trading if we look at that like this you want to stud your eye needs to be inside this little area right here. Soon as we enter that you want to study how is price reacting when it gets to every quadrant and consequent encroachment level. Here's the tip, okay? If it can trade through the quadrant levels and it doesn't stop, like see how this right here went right to it and stopped and went lower. If you see that at anything like the consequent encroachment or the lower quadrant and there's no bodies in the upper half or above the consequent encroachment level, then this is probably going to have a turtle soup scenario. In other words, it's going to come back down and maybe come back into this inefficiency. Okay. Now, here's the million-dollar concept. Okay. This this what I'm going to what I'm going to show you and tell you about right now is how ICT literally knows how to hold on to these big runners. This is what I do all the time. How did he hold on to that thousand point slide? How did he hold on to that 2500 point move here and there back in Forex days? How did I do all those things? This is it. You ready? You sitting down? Is your pen at the ready? Is your pencil sharpened? Get with an ICT. Say it. Come on. The internet might turn off. Watch the quadrant here. While we're bullish, the body was laid over top of it. And then we had this deep retracement. The only thing it went down to is this volume imbalance to that volume imbalance, which is what I just taught it to you. Suspension block. It comes down to it here and then rallies up. The bodies stop below the upper quadrant, but reference that wick. It's above this candle's high and it pierced. It's colored above the upper quadrant. So, anything like this is consolidation in here for you uh retail ricks that like to trade bull flags and be bare flags. This is when your bull flags will work because it's indicating the quadrants are being colored above. It's exploring above it. Discovery is permitted in price above the quadrants and they're not stopping price. They're coloring above them and then coming back in. They're going above them and coming back in. But if you look real real close, the quadrants are supporting it as a discount below. Look at the open on that candle there. They wick just a little bit above it here. All of this consolidation around it. Look at the bodies coalesing around that encroachment. We stop it here. Trade back down in and then boom, they let the cork out of the bottle. Bang, it's gone. And if it's doing that in a market that's really really bullish after creating something like this where we have a a big buy sell that doesn't even trade to its upper quadrant, man, you have a javelin like this thing is leaving. It's it's got someplace to go and it ain't going to wait around for you. And that's when you see it release here. And this is one of those instances where it leaves the the u the area of focus which is this premium wick but when it trades above it this premium wick acts as what is now at this counter rate. So the bodies are laying right on top of the high of it and then they start just letting it go higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. In your charts that I shared this morning in Telegram, uh you see me do this. This is the ICT New York open kill zone 7 o'clock to 10 o'clock in the morning for all markets. You can do all you don't need to trade London. You don't need to trade equities open. You don't need to trade a PM session. You don't need to trade Asia. You don't do any of that. You can make your entire career just with this. How can I do that? I see. That's what exactly what I want to do. Glad you asked. Swing low, market drops down, clears the buy uh clears the sell side and then leaves. What's this up here? What's this high versus this one? High probability candidate for what? A run on liquidity. So if old eyes are mine if if we have relative equal highs like this and watch the bodies. Did did we really do the business of laying a body over top of that high? This was just a small little shallow run. That means anything that was up here slightly above this wick is unfinished business. Unfinished business is a run on liquidity that was not completed. It's just a partial, just a tiny little drop down and then leave. No, no, no, no, no. They want that money. They want those orders. They want that. So, everyone that's short here that had a stop-loss and who who would be wanting to short gold? Look at freaking social media. Look at them. They're all wanting to short gold. They want me to say, "I hope gold goes down." Why? Why? Why do you want that to happen? It's a beautiful market. It's telling you, "Hello, I'm bullish." Why would you want to talk against it? Like, it's it's that that's exactly what I was doing when I was 20. Like, I wanted all the markets I was focusing on to be dis, you know, not when I first started, but when I first started shorting because I wasn't a bear for a number of years. I didn't understand shorting. But when I first figured out how to short, I thought everything was going to drop. every time I saw a bearish diverg like, "Okay, now I understand how it works." So, I wanted everything and I hated when people talk good about something and I was looking to go short. And that's a sign of infancy. Like, you're you're really you're not equipped. You don't know what you're doing. If if anything I say or anyone else says about a market that you hope goes one way or the other and you lose your mind over that, just get off of social media because you're not properly equipped to be a trader and you're not really in a right state of mind to be engaging and having any kind of discourse with other people because a real trader doesn't give two shits what the other person thinks about their market or their trade, how much they make, how much they didn't make. We don't care. We don't care. Nobody cares what anybody else is doing when you're successful. Now, I like seeing other people successful, but that's a hindrance for someone that's developing. But if you have a buy side liquidity pool that's framed properly as I give you, this is the right high needs to be lower than the high to the left of it. And when it's a buy side balance sign, I'm sorry, buy side liquidity pool. See, that would have been an edit point right there. I would usually hit control and then M. And that would create a little marker for my timeline and I'd go back and listen for that part and I'd clean it up. Well, I'm out here with a no safety net. So, everything I mess up and say, it's it's there and I can't erase it. Kind of like Twitter. But a low and a higher low to the right of it, that would be a candidate for what? It's a high probability candidate for sellside liquidity pool being purged. But if the market's bullish, you don't look at that like that. But if the market's bullish and it's left this, you want to see bodies plunge its way up into that. But look, they've only did what? the wick and then it drops down and there's people out there, you know, looking at u ICU candlestick method. You try to trade with this garbage, you're going to end up in intensive care unit trying to trade with that trash. The you know what I'm talking about. The market did not leave a body up there. So, it's dropping down. So, they're going to see that as oh, it's a short and the only thing it's doing is dropping down into a discount array. order block rallies up clears it and leaves the body right there. That's officially running the liquidity here. But if we look at it on a one minute chart, which if I do that then I have to toggle move on. Just do look at this area right here. Look at your uh your five-minute chart at 8:15 a.m. Look at on a one minute chart and you'll see what that rectangle is there. But it rallies up and that that right there, this run from here to here, that's all your model needs to be and you don't need a job. Let me say it again slower. If you know how to frame this setup, which is something I taught in high probability short-term trading and scalping, it's it's a it's a couple videos. You don't even need to spend that much time doing anything with it, but then studying it. These setups appear every single day. Every single day. every single trading day. This appears every day and it occurs every single New York open kill zone. It may not be a long, it may be a short, but it's always there. You need to know where the draw and liquidity is. How can I do that? Give me a bias. Tell me how. You seem like you're very giving today. Well, if you're bullish because you have something like this, seeing a situation like this, this is a loaded deal. Easy. Like it's no B. It's a no-brainer. Or as Larry Williams would say in his 70s book, this is a lead pipe sense trade. The first time I saw that in this book, I'm like, what does that even mean? Like, what does that mean? What's a lead pipe? It's so easy. It's like taking a a lead pipe and smashing it in the head. Like, there's no there's no defense against it. It's easy. It's like bringing a gun to a uh a rubber band uh matchup. like you're going to fight somebody, but they're going to sting you with a rubber band and you got a Glock, you know, fully loaded with hollow point. Who's going to win that? It's obvious, right? It's so outmatched. Well, in my pursuit of finding the best of setups and framing it, that's why my stuff is so good because I've spent my entire life looking for that stuff. I filtered out all the BS. I filtered out everything that does not work. If it doesn't have a degree of precision element behind it, if there's any kind of ambiguity, it is not in my repertoire, it is not being taught by me, it is not being any no emphasis is placed on that. And that is many times what makes me offensive to most people because they believe in their religion of what they think their indicators their their hero that they taught him or maybe he's passed on and he's moved on in the afterlife. But they they subscribe to these views when what I teach and I show and I can do and my students do. We rip the out of everything. There's nothing out there like this. There's nothing literally nothing like this. And it's impatience on the students part when they come here because they want it to be easy and they want it to be fast and they don't like when I talk like this. But this is how you get that understanding. You have to know why you're looking at this. What's the benefit? How should I look at it? When should I expect it? Notice I'm teaching you time. I'm always talking about time. Notice I'm also talking about psychology and the right way of thinking about it. Every time I talk, I'm doing that. But you're looking for buzzwords. And you're looking for how you think you should learn. And that's someone that's a self-taught mentality. And you can go out there and try to teach yourself trading, but you're going to come back to me because you didn't learn well. You won't be able to teach yourself. How you going to teach somebody when you're ignorant? And if there's somebody you're trying to teach as yourself, you're you're literally saying that your ego is telling you that you know enough to know how you should be taught. Then then don't watch me. Don't watch anybody. But no one's going to give you the skinny like this. They may give an opinion, but I'm telling you before the fact. And all you have to do is watch how I do it on Twitter, and I tell you exactly what's going to happen, and it does it. Now, I'm not promising you that I'm going to do it every time, every day. I don't do that. When I feel inspired to do it, then I'll do it. If it's so overwhelmingly obvious, then I'll do it. When it's really, really, really likely that I know that if I say something, most of you are probably doing what I tell you not to do, which is trade. And then you tell me, "Look at I made ICT. Thank you so much." I don't want you doing that. That's why I don't do it every day. That's why I don't live stream and tell you exactly what's going to happen because that gets in my head. I don't want to incur risk for you because I know you're not going to listen to me. You're going to see me talk about something that's bullish and you're going to overlever your account and you will not have the wherewithal to stay with the idea where if I was doing the trade, I probably wouldn't have that many contracts on. I would have a stop-loss on. And you don't have that experience. So, you're gonna hurt yourself and then you're gonna send me in a sock puppet account or in emails. Threats in my life and you're going to do this and you're gonna do that and I'm gonna tell you, "Come over here right now, and I will kick your ass and blow your ass away." There it is. I You get threats all the time from these crazy people on the internet. It's how it is. That's how it is all the time. So, to protect your sanity and my time, I manage everybody's expectation at what level I'm comfortable with. So when I tell you the market's going to respect this level here. Watch this right here. Focus right here. And then here is the opposing side. This is where it's going to go to after it does that. That's the framework. That's how I teach. Now everybody else that doesn't like me or I'm killing their business, they'll come at me and say, "He didn't tell you to get in. He didn't give you a stop-loss. He's not doing anything." But you don't even see them doing that consistently. And I'm telling you, if you're worried about that type of stuff or the opinions of others, that's going to be a a detriment to your development. It literally will be a detriment to your development. So having realistic expectations, having no money on the line, that's how you learn. Anybody that tells you you have to put some money on the line to learn this is an absolute ass clown. They don't know what they're talking about. They are literally just trying to sound like Billy Bigballs. And I'm telling you, nobody gets this level of understanding and comfort by risking money in the beginning because you're you're you're imposing the complication of right or wrong as an outcome filter. You're not going to walk away from the development aspect that's available to you. If if you're worried about whether you're going to be right or wrong on the outcome, and that's because you're putting money on it. You have to be bored out of your mind because you do this so many times. You've done it so many times. You do it all the time, every single week. It's same process. Routine, routine, routine. And looking for this type of framework here. This is an easy breadandbut model that everybody can do. But see, when you see this and it goes right here and that's the end of the trade, you look at all this and you're thinking, "This is a stupid model. Look at all the money I left on the table." not realizing that you didn't hear what I said. This model here is an everyday model. Just like your job, when you go to work, you know, when you sit your ass down, give that person that is now enslaved you and you prostituted your life and time to them, you gave up time from your family. When you've done that, you know if you submit yourself to that amount of time and you punched the clock at the right time and got there earlier or got on time and you punched it out when it's time for you to go home, you know you just now logged in X amount of dollars for your time. Okay, just as good as that's going to show up, that's what these do every day. These setups form every single day. That same level of continuity and consistency, you can expect that formation in price action. 99.999999% of everybody in retail, everybody in retail, they don't have that confidence because they don't know what the hell they're looking for. They're reactionary. They react to price. I am not reacting to price. None of my students are reacting to price. We are react reacting to everybody else's opinion of what we're doing because they think they know us and they have no idea what we're doing or who we are. We literally own this show. We own it. Look at Look at what my students Oh, forget what I do. Forget it. Okay, forget it. And yes, I'm on my high horse because I don't give a whether this pisses you off or not. I got to get it off my chest. I was driving in a car cramped up. Okay, I got to let my legs run a little bit here. My students, people that have sat down and said, "You know what? There's a lot of things said about this man." And I could waste my time listening to that or I can just take the evidence that's presented to me and wait in my own hands. If it's Photoshop, then it can't be Photoshop if I tell you before it happens and over 720,000 of you watch it happen in your charts live. How many times have I come out here and got it wrong? Give me two times where I ever did that. You can't find it. You can't find it. And nothing ever gets deleted. Nothing never gets deleted. And now, see, you watch me because I'm the oneman show. But I have so many students out there that are doing it, too. They're doing it, too. And they are growing. They're going to become pillars in this community. Not my personal community, but the community as a trading industry. They will be pillars. And the way you look at me, you will look at them in the future, too, because they're learning how to manage themsel. They know what they're looking for and they don't care what ICT is doing. They don't care what new thing ICT is teaching. They have found their way and they have said, you know what? Yes, he might be teaching new stuff. Yes, it might be great. It might be highly precise and he may be able to do this, that, and the other thing. Back flips and flames shoot out of his ass. But the bottom line is this. I am making money with what I've learned and I don't need to do anything else. I'm comfortable and I'm content. And that's why I teach and I've said it at the beginning in baby pips days. Learn to be content. That is something future and it's also something current all the time. Whatever your progress you have right now while learning under me, whatever that is at this moment, be content with that because you're learning at the right pace. Even if you don't think you are, you are learning at the right pace. You want to be able to go out there and get 500 handles, thousand handles. You want to buy and sell. Buy and sell. Buy and sell. Go directions. O all over the place. You want to do all those things. But what you don't realize is I am not doing that every day. I'm not doing that every day. I'm living my life. I'm doing whatever I want to do. And then when I feel like I want to sit in front of the charts, I know if I sit down in front of the charts, I know I'm going to find something. And to prove it's not contrived or made up or cherrypicked or photoshopped. Gambler. The bottom line is this. I put it out there in the ether, one-sided, clear, to the point, levels defined, and we all watch on a short leash. It gets walked like a dog. Now, I could I could be that 20-year-old me. Could. And I could grind all of you little ass hats on a daily basis and you would really hate me. But I don't need to do that. I don't even need to. I do this part-time and I'm killing all these other guys. So the bottom line is this. You have to subscribe to whatever starting point you want to reach for that's realistic. If it's silver bullet that model, which is very simple, it's time based. You're only looking at one hour of time. You're waiting for 10 o'clock in the morning, Eastern time, and you're waiting for this type of scenario here. I got to I got to put it on a one minute chart. It's driving me nuts. The idea of simply waiting for one setup, one little framework of of of price action within a defined range of time, very very specific element of price action that is limited to just one specific thing. See how even the candlesticks on the one minute chart didn't lay over top the high. So this is that that this is that uh buy side balance sell efficiency on one minute chart. So unfinished business in your notes anytime at liquidity pool when it's bullish if buy side's been taken but nobody's been left above it it's unfinished expected to come back for it again. That right there folks that right there and what I taught you about when to anticipate the run through when it's aggressive and it's going to just explode up using the the quadrants. That right there is worth more than I charge for mentorship. And I am not bullshitting you. That is the bee's knees, man. I'm telling you, if you understand that, you go back in your charts and look at it, study it, collect that type of information every single week. Really build an evidence log of these things happening and you will see what I just gave you is the absolute undeniable facts. It never deviates. It never fails. That stuff is always a constant. And that right there also tells you that these markets are algorithmic. It's an algorithm. It is literally doing Listen, if it was all buy and selling pressure, if it was all buy and selling pressure would not agree with every PD array that I've ever created. It wouldn't agree. They would not be dancing on the rhythm and the stepping stones that my PD arrays give it. But the the only deviations are the inefficiencies don't get fully closed in. And that's exactly what I'm looking for. And that's exactly what I'm teaching you to look for. How's that failure? It's not. It's perfection. It's scary, isn't it? It's almost like it should be illegal. How much time is going to keep going on? This guy keeps getting it right. He's creating too many freaking millionaires. He's creating monsters. Why is he yelling? Because you're bored listening to me rant. You're not teaching, dude. You're so annoying. Get up the road. I ain't got time for somebody like you. You're too close-minded. If you don't want to jump in the plasma pool, get out of here. Okay. See you later. So anyway, this is the pattern. This is an all day, every day. It's going to be there 365 days. If the market was open that many times, you'd see it every day. you would see it every day. Why wouldn't you want to explore that? Why wouldn't you want to take that challenge and see if it really does exist every day? Some of you might want to take that challenge and some of you might grow in your understanding just by doing that alone. That's how I get you. I get you just like that. I put it out there and you don't want to believe it and you want to find me as a liar, a fraud, a scammer and then you can't and you send me an email. Man, listen dude. I just made this much money doing what I thought that you were talking on your ass and it wasn't. Couldn't be true. Couldn't be true. I was convinced it was Photoshop because somebody said it was Photoshop because they can't do it. Because they can't do it. It's too good for them. And then guess what? Guess what, Vegas? That's a compliment, baby. Thank you. Thank you. Keep chilling those codes to get that money, boy. Because I ain't got to do none of that stuff. I ain't got to do none of that. I know you heard me. I know you heard me. It's all compliments. Anything they said about me or my stuff, it's always a compliment because if they say they don't believe it, it's too good to be true. And I tell you, that's how it's going to be. When it's in your own hands, your friends and your co-workers are not going to understand the bounce in your step. When you're walking through knowing that your time here is going to be short and sweet and you're going on the road, you got you're going places. You're not staying at that job. You're not staying there. That's not where you're supposed to be. But that's a right now need. You have to pay your bills. That has to happen. But when you know that this is in your hands and you can make it work and you see it working daily, man, there's a spring. There's a bounce in that step. There's a rhythm in your stride and you start strutting. You got to check yourself once in a while. You're walking to the cafeteria. It's lunch time and all of a sudden you're swaying. You're bouncing. Oh my goodness. I know I ain't gonna be here much longer. This guy, look at this guy over here. He's looking at me, giving me that look like, "Yeah, yeah, you're gonna be here just like me." The rest are like, "No, I'm not. You don't know what I see. You don't know what I'm doing behind the curtain. You have no idea what I just did in the marketplace." And that's just one of many things that's going to repeat and I'm going to bounce my ass out of this job. I ain't got to be here. You all have to be here, but I ain't got to be here. I'm here by choice. I'm here by schedule only. And the schedule's about time to change. and my ass is floating up on out of here to Easy Street. And ain't nobody hold me back. None of these people hold me back. Your paycheck's a offense to me. I don't ever want to see that little bit of money ever again in my life. And I don't have to because I can cut my own paycheck. I could do this anytime I want. That's what's going to happen to you. That's what's going to happen to you. And the weaker side of you, the weaker side, will let it bleed into social media. And that's your mistake. Then it becomes counting pockets and not precision, consistency, and wealthb buildinging legacy. That's the trap. That's the trap. And if you can control yourself and mind your own damn business and keep everybody out of your business, you have a greater chance of succeeding. But if you don't do that, and it's hard, folks. It's hard. It's really, really hard because when you start seeing things happen for you. It's hard to sleep. It's hard to think about anything else. Your job is affected. Your relationship is affected. Your parenting is affected. Your health could be affected. And if you get really excited and you can't sleep because you just can't stop, think about the opportunities that you now have control over. And yes, I said that right. You have control. You don't have to get in here every single day, but the model's going to appear every single day. Find that in any retail logic. It's not there. It's not there. But they got every excuse to tell you why. Well, you know, the market's random. That's why, you know, that is some nonsense. And I love it because that stuff is who you eat. That's what's on the menu. Retail. Retail. The other white meat. Remember that ad? Pork the other white meat. Yeah, that's what it is. We're all carnivores. Nobody's a vegan trader. You either are eating or you're eating. That's the way it is. There's no vegans here. No vegans. You must consume and eat. And unless you have a way to hunt, stalk, and eat, you're the prey. You're the one consumed. You are the mark. You're the liquidity. And if you can't find the liquidity in that chart tag, you're it. And that's for every market. That's for everything out there that you trade. I don't care about whatever willy vanilly pattern, whatever the horseshit that you out there believe makes these park markets go up and down. you are going to fall victim if that's not true in your own hands, in your own model, your way of thinking. If you're not thinking that way, you're not equipped. There's there's no Mr. Rogers approach to this, folks, there really isn't. There really isn't. And as much as I tried my life to come up with a way where it could be just very uh civilized. Losing money makes you realize it's not civilized. It's war. It's carnivorous. It's brutal. Guess what? You need to see it that way because until you do, you're not going to respect the risk. You will not respect the risk. So anyway, let's go back to five minute chart real quick and get this part over here because I got one more market to talk about and then I got a scadattlele. So the uh the market uh uses the uh macro time here right there. And if I'm not mistaken, I had it on the one minute chart when I put it on there. I guess. Yeah, there it is. Equities real time regular trying I'm sorry, regular trading hours. That's this right here. If you are a gold trader, okay, and you don't put this information on your chart, uh you're you're trading blind and it's information that you need to have. Okay. Uh there's there's several opening prices that I think you should have. This is this is the part when you grab your pen and write down. Put the Doritos down. Grab your pen and write this down. Every midnight opening price, Eastern time, whatever asset you trade, you need to know that price. You need to know the 9:30 regular trading hours opening price when the opening bell for the stock market starts. Uh that's this one here. So, it's 9:30 in the morning Eastern time. And just, you know, label whatever you want to label it. Uh if you want to keep a a worksheet or workspace in your charts that you just want to have these only on a chart, that's the best way of of organizing these types of things. Um like opening prices just like that and then put your date on it. I have all this stuff in a notepad. The the question I get a lot is, can you just show us your notepad? It's the things I showed you in a chart today. I just have those in a numerical list from the highest price down to the lowest price and I just write down in shorthand what they are to me and I what one I think by my own experience is going to get tagged. That's it. That's all that's all that's all it is. I promise you there's no secret formulas. There's no uh expressions in algebra, you know, coming up with some kind of calculus, you know, result of here it is trigonometry and uh you know, all higher forms of math suggest that this is the price high and low. It's not that's not what it is. It's every one of these wick prices and their specific quadrants. That's all I'm writing down, folks. That's all it is. I promise you there's nothing else on there but a doodle. Sometimes I'll draw, you know, and and that's it. That's all I'm doing. I don't look at a chart with lines on it unless I'm teaching you. I like looking at the chart naked with no lines because it allows my subconscious to pick up on new information. In the beginning, it's advantageous for you to put these levels on your chart, but I also know your concern for having too many things on your chart is it's it's it's Well, it's a real argument to consider, but the way you balance it is on Trading View, you can just create a workspace and you want to have like your openings at 9:30 Eastern time and then then date them. Don't worry about how far back you got to do because it's easy to go into the the object tree and then turn off the ones that's gone past a month or so. Okay, you're going to tell me that you got to have 20. Yeah, 20 is good. You're going to see a lot of things by having 20 days worth of regular trading hours opening prices on your charts. You're going to see you never seen before. You're going to like, "What in the world? That was there. All that." Yeah. Oh, yeah. Midnight Eastern time, 9:30 in the morning, 6 o'clock reopen time, all assets. Yeah. But Forex, I didn't say anything about that. I said this is the time you have on your chart. five o'clock PM and 4:14 PM Eastern time. Okay, that's enough for right now. You don't need anymore. That alone will start giving you X-ray view of price moves that you've never seen before. They're there. And the model I just outlined here, that little simple little cracker jack of a, you know, model where it's just simple unfinished business, it repeats every single day off of one of those opening prices, too. Oh no, he just did it again. He just gave away Yeah, I did. Wait till you Wait till you get the books. What in the world? The candy store. I go into next. Yep. That's what it's gonna be like. It's gonna be like just like that. So good. So good. Can't wait. But anyway, here's the equities opening price here and it trades down to that and you get that run here. But then let's scrunch it up. Can you tell I'm having fun? I miss talking to you guys. My wife's not here so I can really cut up with you. She usually she'll give me the hairy eye if I'm like that. she's in in the anywhere in the house, she'll come around and she'll be like, "Is that necessary?" I'm like, "It's ICT necessary." It is. It's it's it's definitely necessary. Yeah, it has to be done. But we see it trade down into the macro of 2:50 p.m. 3:10 Eastern time. Now, let's let's zoom in here because I really want you to see this candlestick comes in at 3:08. So, 8 minutes after 3:00 Eastern time. Um, but this is gold and it's the last trading hour of equities, right? For regular trading hours, gold's going to behave just like this when it's animated. Now, normally when there hasn't been so much fever around gold, you wouldn't see big runs like this, but you would get some kind of a little setup that can be traded on a 15-second, 30 second, one minute chart, five minute chart, that type of deal. But don't expect like big big huge payouts. But because it's so animated right now, because it's so like energetic, it's trying to get somewhere and it's moving a lot, you're going to get these really nice responses like that. Like I mean, look at that. That's a beautiful response. What do you think that is right there? What is that? That's that what high probability candidate for a run on liquidity. Here's an inefficiency. We trade down into it. Can it get to consequent crochet? Well, you can see it without having any fib on it. There's the halfway. Here's quadrant upper. Did it touch it? Nope. And it's rallying this easy draw. Hits it. Not yet. Right there. Keep your eye on this down here. Okay. Boom. There's that larger fivem minute. Same pattern flat top right here. Easy, easy sucker play. This is when the bull flag guy is like, "Yeah, it's going to go higher." comes right back down to that D level right there. That was a sound effect with my tongue. Okay, don't send me message messages. I heard ICT just let a fart. There we go. And it just keeps going higher and it gets up to this level here and it comes all the way back down to some random 9:30 opening regular trading hours price again. Look at that. And then what does it do there? It sweeps it. It clears out the liquidity below here and then rallies up old fair gap. Picks it up here. What level? This is gold, guys. You said the doesn't work in gold, right? You clowns over there on TikTok. ICT stuff doesn't work on gold, bro. Dude, you don't even know what you're talking about. Like, you have no idea what the you're talking about. What's this price say right here? 4,116.5. Oh my goodness. What is the price low on that? >> To the tick. To the tick. Elliot wave. Tell me something. Dan talk to me. Supply and demand. Where art thou? Woff. Please tell me something, baby. Because Ajax ain't got nothing on me. I'll put something on your ass that Ajax won't rub off. And it's called precision. You can't touch this with anything else out there. It ain't there. Nowhere to be found. This guy loves himself. He talks about this stuff like he's rockar. No, but when you live 33 years with it and you see it and you know like the back of your hand and these out there that don't know what they're talking about entertain you and you just want to remind them that they know nothing. You know nothing now. My students are learning. The least of my students could ragdoll these guys that got here and talk And I just come out here once in a while just to remind you. Just to remind you, it's by choice. Anytime I want. Anytime I want. But there's a trading competition. ICT. You ran away. You went up to Maine. There's people saying I didn't go. your competition. In one trade, I killed everybody cumulatively. Where the are you at? your leaderboard. your leaderboard, you That's right. That is right. Talk it. Talk it all you want. I'm walking it, Anytime I want. Here's what the market's going to do. And we all watch it. Done. When's it wrong? I'll let you know. I'll let you know. So anyway, gold it apparently works in gold, but I'll leave it up to you to decide. It's up for it's up for debate for now. I'm going to suspend my argument on it and say I believe it works in gold, but it's up for you to determine there's any ability to or not. Okay, NASDAQ. All righty. And then we're going to go to uh is one man? Yeah. NQ. Yeah. Tuesday the night right there. Okay. I'll zoom in in a minute. Just right now. I just want to have a little bit of data on the chart. Some of you guys are offended. Did I Did you just say the f word? Yeah, I did. And I repent every time I do it. But I'm I'm a sinner just like all of you. Okay. Bottom line is this. Daily chart last Friday literally controlled demolition. Okay. I'm going to say something to you, okay? And I want you to just think about it. Not not just hear me here and come up with your own conclusion right now while the live stream's going on, but I want you to think about it the rest of the week. Okay? What time of year is it right now? It's in the fall. In the fall, stocks generally make a low and then they go higher into some measure of usually the last week of January, maybe the first or second week of February and then it creates some kind of short-term interm high and then starts either if it's a bearish at that point, then it starts working towards the April May highs and then this works its way down through the summer into the fall lows. But we're in a market that is being propped up. It's primarily bullish. No one can argue against that. But if it's in a primary bull market, it can't trade down to a fall low like we would expect in a normal, you know, nonp parabolic, you know, bull market. So, wouldn't it be suspicious to see how on one day they did a controlled demolition just like 9/11 and then now we went up here yesterday and now we're right here and they used this old discount wick low perfectly delivered there. Okay. And look at this candlesticks right here. The uh September 25th. What's the low? You're going to look at this price right here on my cursor right here. What's that candlestick low? 24,422.50. Okay. Over here this morning, this candlestick right here, it's low 24,421. Even So it hits it, trades minimum one tick below it for spread aspect, but look at the reaction there off of that. And then we have this inefficiency which I think if I'm not mistaken was I just messed that up. There we go. Here we go. This is this very reason right here. This is what I'm doing is the number one reason why I like doing pre-recorded videos because of my like attention to detail. I like to have the chart look exactly like I want it. I don't like to see half a candle being shown here. So, I don't like having to zoom in front of everybody while we're doing it live. But, this is the inefficiency that you see on the five-minute chart. and it trades down into a here. When we have a wick like this candlestick here and this right there, whenever it's a old inefficiency, I look at this as immediate rebalance the same way. It's immediately rebalancing because it's going right back to the top of the inefficiency, which is this candlestick's opening price here. It need not trade down to that. It's doing the same function as a candlestick to candlestick touch. Like in other words, if this candlestick's high, touch this candlesticks low. That's immediate rebalance. This is the same element of immediate rebalance because it's using the inefficiencies high as the immediate rebalance. It's going right down to it like that. And even though there's a small little gap, guess what that's telling you also? Would you want to see that close in if it's bullish? If you're bullish and you wanted to see it go higher, would you really want to see that if it touches the high of that inefficiency? Would you really want to see that completely close in based on what I've been teaching? No, you wouldn't. Why? Because it's indicating that it doesn't even want to give that discount there either. And that's exactly what I call it a signature for smart money sees that and it's like a flag to them. It's like a big alert. See, you look at price action indicators and things crossing over uh becoming overbought, oversold, and that's a a catalyst for you to make a decision, an action point for you to react and do something. Smart money doesn't have that because it's all horseshit. What it does is it knows where price goes below an old low, there's liquidity down there. They're not looking at depth of market. They're not looking at level two. They're not doing any of that They know that there's liquidity down there. They're taking that liquidity, absorbing it, buying it, and then they're looking for continuation setups like these things here. It tells you it's not likely to go lower because it's leaving these portion of price action open. What What's this? Relative equal highs. Right high is lower than the left. This is a strong candidate for price wanting to run through. Same thing here. High, lower, high. Big big bulletin board. Like going down the road, driving on interstate. You see these bulletin boards advertising gas stations, businesses. If you're in driving through New Jersey, this hole of state. Everybody wants to sue everybody down there. I'm injured in jersey.com. There's so many lawyers advertising in Jersey. It's unbelievable. I was telling my wife, I was like, "Look at this place. Like everything here is literally about suing somebody about a car accident. Did a truck driver go by too fast? Call us. We got something we can put on our ass. Yeah, it's nuts. Well, in price action, these PD arrays and the signatures they provide you is like a big billboard sign like that advertising. This is what you should be expecting. This is what you're looking for. But everybody's looking for patterns. They're looking for individual candlestick patterns. You know, they're creating new forms of ranges. There's no advantage to that. You want a timebased candlestick because the market is driven algorithmically based on time. If you skew any information that is linked to time, you have greatly diminished your effectiveness in terms of timing the market with the process that it uses for protraction. When the market starts to run, this is this is protraction where it just starts to escape and run and it runs above those relative go highs here and it continues to go higher. But I want you to see how it uses this old discount wick when price was up here. It opened and traded down through previous days low and into the new week opening gap which is this candlestick's closed and this candlestick's open. Go back to a one minute chart. If you're learning from this and you can see past the rant because I'm just having fun. Um, give it a thumbs up and it'll encourage me to do more of them. It doesn't mean I'm going to come out here every day now, but the uh the candlesticks bodies are respecting the high of that fivem minute inefficiency that you can't see on the one minute chart. See how it's all muddied up rallies up and then now look what it's using here. 24,582.25 upper quadrant of this discount wick. Okay, so the 25th of September, we're trading up to and above that upper quadrant. Look real real close, folks. Real close. We traded to the low of that wick on the 25th of September. Right there. Nails the low of the day. ICT says he can pick the low the market. I was doing that in Forex over and over and over again. over and over and over again. And they were trying to say I was using a a a what's it called? What's it called again? It's escaping me. A rented white label server, which is apparently a real thing. Um, but I never did that. I never had to do that. Do you am I using some kind of manipulation when I put it on Twitter and X before it happens and it does exactly what it's outlined in my in my tweet or or post to the very levels immediately after I post it in the direction I say it was going to go. How many times have you seen me do it? If you were in my mentorship group that paid me, I was behind a payw wall where these people would have roasted my ass in public and said, "Oh, he's a liar. He can't find a trade. He can't do this. He can't call the market. He can't do that. He's wrong all the time. That was never happening. I was in a high 90% bracket for years. And I had to do something with them every single day. Every single day. That's unheard of, folks. That is unheard of consistency. And these clowns out there talking about he doesn't have a track record. I will run circles around you and moonwalk on your just like that. Okay. I'm getting older. I just I'm slowing down, that's all. I ain't forgetting I know how to do this. But it hits that low and stops. And then it rallies up and it does something strange, unheard of. It climbs above the lower quadrant of that discount wick right there at 24,475 and 3/4. Take a deep breath. Um, ground yourself. Ready? This is This is how easy this stuff is. This is why it's as easy for me to go out here and to do this. And my students are learning to do this, too. So, it's transferable knowledge. It's not me out here talking all this and trying to sound powerful, and I love the sound of my voice, and it's all ego trip. I'm being funny. You may not like the humor I'm using, but I'm having a great time with it, and I don't care if it offends you. these quadrant levels whether they're on an inefficiency like a fair value gap or um an actual gap in price where there's no trading at all or it's a wick which we treat the same way both of those things I guess technically would be three things right no no price at all is a vacuum block which is no that's a real gap there's an inefficiency buy sign balance sell sign efficiency sell sign balance buy sign efficiency civ busy those are fair value gaps, their inefficiencies. And then you have the candlestick wicks. We treat them the same way. We grade them all. Listen to me. Listen to me. Listen to me. I I read I read these on another channel today. And I love doing this. If I didn't know what I was doing, this would really break my heart and it would hurt me. It would hurt my feelings. Admittedly, I'm I'm not trying to be funny. If I didn't know what I was doing, some of these comments would genuinely hurt my feelings when they say fair value gaps are trash. They don't work. They don't ever work. And I'm going to tell you young men, okay? You masters of the fine art of virginity, I'm going to tell you something right now that's going to help you. It's going to help you in your pursuit of that perfect lady that you can whine and dine and finally afford more than the dollar menu at McDonald's. Here it is. You ready? Every high probability fair value gap, every one of them lays on top of a quadrant that I've been teaching you since I started back here again. Real real close. What do you see at 24,475 and 3/4? What do you see? >> What do you see? >> Ready? We went down to the low of that wick and then it starts to go higher and pulls back to this quadrant in your mind. Okay. How's ICT going to think about this? What's the what's the internal dialogue of ICT? What's the inner musing of ICT? Mhm. Well, if we rode this down. Well, well, Then I can use an imbalance on the pathway down. That means Well, this is one right here. But is it on top that quadrant level? No, Virginia, it's not. But look, look. What do you got here? Oh, look at that. We got this one right here. You see that? Well, boom, boom. Where's the consequent encroachment of that fair value gap at the perfect level on that quadrant? Is that one thing telling you? Nope. It all by itself. No. It's not. It's telling you that right here, right here is that sweet spot and you can accumulate a long right there and you need not concern yourself with this bullish breaker. If it's bullish, would it want to wait around to come back for a bullish breaker? If this is a V bottom. Nope. Rips right through it and leaves this right there. And YouTube mentors with my stuff in their mouth will say, "I will really love to take a trade right here if they can come back and trade into that because it broke structure right here." That is the worst bit of advice you could ever take from somebody trying to talk like me. You might have my words. You might have some of my vocabulary, but you have no idea what the you're talking about. This is what you want to see when it's bullish. And here's 9:30 right there. Okay, keep going forward. What do you see right there? What is that? What is that? Holy smokes. That's that he said. First, present the fair value gap. Oh my goodness. I already see. I already pick it up in the force. The Jedi Knight knows exactly what's going on. You're all vibrating right now. First guy just weapons. It just happens to lay right on top of the upper quadrant of that discount. Wait, ICT cherry picks the perfect PD arrays all the time. It's got to be Photoshop. It's got to be hindsight. He's got to be using 30 laptops. He's got to be doing it. I can't sleep. How is he doing it? I love it. Here is Oh man, you're going to love these books. Ready? Here's the low. And here is Watch this. You're going to tell me. You're going to tell me that buying and selling pressure. You're gonna tell me that that just so happens to match the up with consequent encroachment. And if you don't see it that way, here's your fair value gap laying right on top of the halfway point or consequent encroachment of the first percent of fair value gap. Now roll that film film footage back on X when we were trading right there. I said 24,660 relative equal highs too smooth or smooth edges to that effect. And I said watch new week opening gap in here. That's right here on this candlestick. Don't take my word for it. Grab the very tweet or post on X that I said that. Copy the link to it and then go to Trading View, right click with your mouse button when you're looking at the chart like this, and it'll lay my tweet right down on that candlestick right there. And it will say what I just said. And then the market does something completely random. Something nobody on this spinning rock could have ever known about. They never could have saw it. They never would have had the foresight to be able to say it before it happened. They never would have said it was going to do this very thing because nobody can time the market. Nobody knows what price is going to do. Nobody can predict the future. Nobody. And my middle name is nobody because the market goes up and trades right back down to that new week opening gap high and does what? leaves, takes off, and then we get first percent fair value gap. It becomes an inversion fair value gap because it's civi here. Now, remember, I'm I'm down here. I'm calling your attention to 24,660. So, let's do some simple deductions here, okay? I'm I'm going to help these guys that don't understand. When I post something, it's very specific. It's not ambiguous. It's not both sides of the equation. It's literally me saying 24,660 is going to be tagged and it's going to start and originate off of new week opening gap high. There's no way you can twist that in any other format. There's no way you can do that. You can't say I'm looking to go short. You're not looking for lower prices ICT. You clearly said you're looking for 24,660 and you're looking for the new week opening gap high as a kickoff. Yes. Does your chart looks like that? Does it look like that? I didn't even mention the first percent because I'm in there before. You don't need to be down here. You don't need to be here. You don't need to be here. You can be right there and do very, very well. The problem is when you see me teach this way, you may be doing this really, really consistently and doing it well and then you see you're trying to tell me that you went long here and you added here and you added here and you added here and you got out. I want to do that. That makes you hard to teach as a student because you're not content with enough. Every little bit of progress that you have needs to be championed in your study journal. You ch you cheerlead yourself. You you you speak positive things about what you're learning and how empowered you feel by having learned it. Even if you don't see it real time, you want to go into your journal and say, "This is what I see in the charts right now." Okay? And then you write it in your journal like you saw it. You are lying to yourself, but in a positive way. You're encouraging yourself. Say, "It would be no different." Okay? It would be no different if you had your small son or daughter and they were trying to do something in some kind of acti activity or sport and you're going to tell them, "Hey, look. You didn't win today, but you did so good. You don't worry. You'll get them next time. How the do you know that you're going to get them next time?" You don't. But you love that little child because they're yours and you want to build them up. You don't look at that as a lie, but it is. You're lying. You don't know what the hell's going to happen. The next time it could be worse, but you're doing what? You're instilling encouragement. You're nurturing that child who you love. Well, guess what? Until you are a asskicking one-man army, you're a child as a traitor. And they have to be nurtured. They have to be guarded from these evil pieces of on the internet that don't do anything but work at 7 and 11 or pump gas. They got opinions about everybody else. When you're small and you're insecure about what you may or may not know about trading, you're easily influenced by the opinions of other people. Even if you know deep in your heart that they're probably full of you are hurt by them, by the things they say. That's why I tell you, listen, it's your choice. You can listen to other people's opinion about me. Listen to it for a little while and then watch what I'm doing and then see which one which one holds the weight. Okay? Hold your hands out. in one hand and wish in the other. See which one fills up first. That's that's the that's the way you weigh this out. Because if I don't know what I'm talking about, you're going to see it real fast. But if I do know what I'm talking about, you're going to see that real fast, consistently over and over and over and over again. And then you're going to understand, oh no wonder his students are the ones that always make the money. No wonder he's the guy that put these people in positions where they no longer work. But you're going to listen to these ass these clowns, these people, these stupid They are so ate up with misery. They wouldn't want nothing more to see more people join their ranks and say ICT is a fraud. If you are weak-minded and you don't really want to do this, join them. Talk all the you want about me because all that does is bring more people here and then they witness what you see me do today. What I did in October first live stream. Every time I talk about the market, it's marching to this pi piper's tune. I told you I'm not going to come out here and look stupid now. Okay? I'm not going to do it. It's not in me. It's not in my nature to do that because I know there are so many people around the world. Millions of people and I know it's millions because most of the comments are left in my uh channel are left by people that are not subscribed. And I almost got two million people follow me now on the viewership subscription side of it. I know what I say has weight. I know it's going to influence a lot of people. I'm not going to take some guess. I'm not going to come out here and talk about something that I haven't already talked about and taught. So that way when I say things like I said today, any student that's been following me just for a month would have knew exactly what I was saying today. And then you see other people that are brand new. They're like, "I don't understand what he's talking about." And you see other people say, "Yeah, I I was just like that, too. I'm so thankful. I understand what the hell he's talking about. I understand his language." Now, that's what you get when you spend time studying. When you listen to the videos and you take notes, you don't watch the videos listening for tell me when to buy, tell me when to sell, give me a signal, give me a setup, you get the out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here. I don't have any interest in doing that. I want to teach you how to find this on your own. That's what I'm doing. I'm not telling you, here, eat right now. Here's a meal for you right now. I'm giving you a gourmet kitchen and a whole pantry stocked with the best choices of cuts of meat you've ever had. And all you have to do is sit your ass in the kitchen and make whatever it is you want to make. Ain't nobody around here going to be able to tell you you can't eat on your own time and by your own hand. That's the power of being able to take this stuff and making it yours. That's why I'm here. That's why I'm not getting paid. That's why I'm not stopping. That's why I do it. That's why I do it. Because I know there's a lot of you out there. You've tried everything else and you failed because everything else is It's all dog and pony show. Sure, they might get once in a while get lucky here and there, but nobody, nobody is this consistent else. Nowhere. It ain't no You find them and you bring their asses here. I promise you I will their asses up publicly live stream. Bring your Mickey Mouse and I will moonwalk all over you. But they never do it. They got all these side quest They Well, let's do this. Let's do that. all that. Sit your ass out here every day and tell us what the it's going to do to the tick. Then you got a voice. Now you get either the stone cold side of me or you get the mild mattered well soft spoken and blah blah blah. You pick what the do you want. What do you want? You want rocky road or you want vanilla ice cream? Whatever the it is, tap into that because I can do it the ugly way or I can do it the nice way. But when I listen to stupid people listening to dumb sent to me in a email. I saw this guy talk to you about talk about you this and and he talk about man do you even pay attention? Do you even listen to the things I'm talking about when the mark when I do the reviews and I tell you this is what I think the market's going to do. It's going to it's going to do this. It's going to use that. When I type this out into a text that's time and date stamped on X and nothing is ever deleted or edited. Do you ever pay attention to that? Because if you aren't paying attention to that, then you can't be a traitor. Like, you're you're missing the obvious And that's what I get most of the time in my comment section from people that are just wanting to be, you know, spoon spoonfed signals and setups. If I believed in my heart, okay, listen to me. If I believed in my heart that that would make you independently wealthy and you'd be able to learn how to trade by doing that, man, I would do it. I clearly know what I'm doing. Every time I talk to you and show you where this going to go, how it's going to behave, I used to sit out here and do one candle at a time. It's going to do this, watch, it's going to do this, it's not going to do that, and it would do it like time traveling. There's nobody else out there, folks, doing that I want to see I want to see Al Brooks who people say, "Oh, um, I stole his shit." I want to see Al Brooks call every candle where it's going to go. Stop. It won't do this. I want to see that. Every bit of respect to the man. I don't know him. You really, I don't know him, but I want to see that. I If he live stream, I would be in attendance every day. Every day, I would be there because I want to see it. Hearing people say that you can do it. See, it'd be different if I just always said said said said I can I can I can and I never did it. See, if you tell a lie big enough and long enough, people will believe it. But when you tell the truth all the time and you can get out here and walk that anytime you want, it's undeniable. It's undeniable. And that's where I live. I live in the truthville. I don't live in some Mickey Mouse madeup land some Okay? I don't rely on all of you to talk for me that none of this shit's real. I can come out here and do this anytime I want and I want you to realize that yes, yes, this is not the appropriate way of doing it for all audiences. And I understand that. I understand that. But it pisses me off. Not because my feelings are getting hurt, but it pisses me off that some of you let these ignorant pieces of tear down the joy of you pursuing something that if you just took one day and realistically weighed out the things I'm putting out here. Is there any truth to it? I don't give a what they say about me. I don't care. I don't sleep. I don't sleep with my eyes waking up every five minutes. I wonder if they're going to think about that. that I sleep like a baby. This is not going to stop working. Okay, it's not. When the market stop being traded freely, then it won't. There's your answer for that. But it pisses me off that people I just started. I followed your channel. I've been watching you for a couple weeks and I I really like what I'm seeing, but I saw this guy on YouTube. I see this guy. He's got videos about you and this that other thing. Blah blah blah. I'm like, okay, I don't have time to reply all of you. I don't I don't have time to reply. So, I'm going to say it this way. before you sit down and you want to send me an email about the conflicts that you're having internally about whether you should learn from me or not. If you haven't studied where I'm calling the market and I put that on Twitter, I did it in Telegram. And all you have to do is whenever I make a post, so I'm right behind that post, whatever post it is, and say, "Hey, calling on all paid ICT mentorship students. Did this guy really for years call the market in front of you all with a 90 high 90% accuracy every single day for years? Or is that just a myth?" And let them sound off. Okay, that's it. And collect your information, your your evidence, your data about what it is I'm teaching, what I talk about in the marketplace, and how the market behaves immediately after that. You have the easiest litmus test to know whether or not that I'm a waste of time for you or not. And I mean that sincerely. I don't personally care if you come back and watch my videos. I don't care. I don't care. But it bothers me that I see people that have such a defeated mindset that they would give the power of choice, freedom, and pursuit of excellence to some strangers on the internet. That's what social media was created for, influence, but not to build you up. It was to defeat you mentally and divide us all. And I don't give a about anybody's opinion about me. I don't care. I know who I am. I know what I can do and I know why I'm doing this and none of you have an answer for why I'm doing it because you're looking for the there's got to be an out. Yeah, but you make so much money in ad revenue. The I don't make hardly nothing. I I make hardly nothing. It's money. Last Friday smokes all that stuff. Then why am I making 15 videos a day? I could listen if I was hungry for money. Okay, this has turned into a tour space in case you haven't noticed it. If I can make all this money in ad revenue, why don't I do a a a London open review, a New York open review, an equities morning session review, a London close recap, and then a PM session, and then an Asian session video. And I could do all that I could make the charts real quick and have it all done in a fiveminute trainer video and then pump pump it all up. I got a life, man. I have a life. If I want to make money, I push a couple buttons. It's done. It's it. It's over. It's done. But I don't have the energy or the time that I had when I was a younger man to make all the videos and all that because I' i've done a lot of teaching. It's it's on my literally it's on my YouTube channel. Then you want to find a shortcut to all those videos when all you have to do is just pick one playlist and start with it. And there's not none of them none of it is really the wrong starting point because they're all going to be talking about the same things eventually and repetition is is required. If you really want to know something, you you need to have some redundancy to it. And when you talk to these people with the attention span of anat because they've been programmed from Tik Tok, it's got to be 30 seconds or less or you know they're not getting right to the point. I'm sorry, dumbass. Okay, but you can't take something highly intelligent like this where you're competing against the highest intelligence in the world who controls the financial markets of the entire globe and you want this to be condensed and distilled down to a Tik Tok. Get the out of here. I have no tolerance for stupid people. And that is stupid right there. I have no tolerance for that kind of I had people paying me and they had that mentality as students in mentorship. The 2021 group, what the That was the biggest mistake I ever did when I when I opened it up for that last year for 2021. So many people begging, please, please, please, please, man. I let that group in and I had a whole bunch of cryb babies. Okay. Oh, you you not telling us when to buy and sell, man. I'm literally telling you how to get in there. You all you have to do is do what I'm showing you right here. It doesn't change. It does not change. It's the same If a fair value gap doesn't have a rule-based idea that indicates when, hear that when. That's a timebased element, not where. Where is highlighted by the inefficiency, by the fair value gap. That's a visual representation, something that you can expect. How did he know? I can't sleep. Does anybody know? Can you help me out? How did I know a for a fair value gap was going to form there before it even happened? How did he know that inversion fair value gap was going to form there before it even formed when I did it on the daily chart of the dollar index? Holy I just taught it to you. I just taught it to you. How much did you pay for? How much just got charged on your credit card to learn that lesson? Oh man, I had to listen to all this You could have told us that in 10 minutes at the end of the video. I have other things to do. you. I don't care to know about what your opinion of me. Every time you send something like that to me in a comment, you're broomed. I don't ever see your again. You say it on X, goodbye. You're a low intelligent piece of You can't see value for what it is. I'm literally giving you gold and I you don't even need to thank me. I used to ask for that. you. I don't need your thank you. Literally, just go do it. Make money and feed your family. Okay, there you go. There's no I don't want nothing back. I don't want anything. I just want you people that are struggling that you you sold yourself short. You listen to this world that said this is all you get and you better be thankful, man. Kiss my ass. your job. your college. your I'm going to make whatever the I want to make. That's how it's got to be. You got to get out there and take it by force. But you can't be guessing. And retail is a bunch of guessing. It's academia wrapped in guessing. plethora of books on a bookshelf. books out the ass. None of them are worth But I paid good money while working several jobs to get these books. And that's the only reason why I can't bring myself to burn them in my fireplaces. I hold on to them for emotional support because I know I've conquered everything else. Nothing else out there can stand against this. Not even close. You can't predict your indicators timing when it's going to give you your signal. You have to sit your ass there and react while you wait and wait and wait and then you react. I'm anticipating. I know where my shit's coming. I know exactly what time them are forming and I know at what price. And if you haven't picked up on that skinny by now, man, today was your wakeup call. I know exactly what the is going on. And everybody else out there, everybody else out there chasing their Mickey Mouse are chasing illusions. That's exactly what they're doing. They have no system. They don't. That's not a system. That's a recipe. I'll give you that. Add this. Add that. Check pick that. If it does this, if it does that, and if it feel like I doing, let's take my then there. Okay. That's inconsistency. It's the epitome of retail logic and thinking. If the technical science doesn't line up like this, my ass ain't taking a trade. Can you get that? There has to be something else behind the scenes. Behind it. There has to be something behind the scenes. Just because that fair value gap looks like it's there, if it ain't laying on top of a quadrant that can be classified as I'm teaching you over a couple weeks. Real price action real before it happens level I did it on daily charts. I've done it on 15-second charts. I've done it on a 5-second chart, a one second chart. Whatever the they ask me to do, I've done it. But you can't do it this, you can't do that, man. I've done all that How about you show me just five days in a row where you call a move where it starts and originates and ends exactly where you say it's going to happen when you say it. Because only my students can do that. Sorry. Not sorry. So, yes. Yes, I'm peacocking because I got some really good emails from students that have absolutely crushed it. Feels good, man. That gives me a high. I like it is so good seeing other people that don't give two shits about being on social media. They don't need your accolade. They don't need your pat on the back. Oh, wow. Look at you. You did that. They don't need that in private. This is what I've done, Michael. I learned this. I applied that. And this is my model. And this is exactly what I did. Here's the receipts. Real receipts. Man, that feels good. That feels so good. And yes, I'm McJaggering all around this place today. Can you hear it? Can you hear it in my voice that I'm excited? You're damn right. It feels good because I know what they're doing and so many other people that you've watched in public forum. You can do that same thing and more and more. You're just starting. You're just starting, man. You have no idea what you can do. And I promise you, whatever you think the height of your successes can possibly reach, it ain't enough. It's not high enough. And you'll understand that when you get to that level and you'll be like, "Man, I was really underestimating myself." You have no idea the power that's in your hands right now. You just got to get better at using it. That's all. That's all it is. But today is a master class. Today is PhD level revealing. This is the that separates the horseshit on YouTube, Tik Tok, Instagram, Discord, Facebook in uh Twitter, whatever, what the it is, whatever it is you want to name. These guys and gals out there that pretend and they talk about the left side of the chart all the time. All the time. Now you know. Now you know how ICT picks the very fair value gaps. Which one works, which one doesn't? And when you read these leaving comments, yeah, fair value gaps, they don't work. Laugh at them. Yeah, I'm not saying you got to go online and troll and you bully them. That's not what I'm saying. But just laugh at them. pity them because this video is for free on my YouTube channel and because of their stupidity, their ignorance, and they're just completely against doing what's being told to all of you. Sit down, roll your sleeves up, and watch the videos, take notes. And some of you probably thinking, all this video, all this rant and and you know, you you're wasting my time. you. How's that work for you? Because what's going to happen is you're going to get to a point where you feel like you ain't going to get it and you need to be cheerleaded. You need to have your calibrated. And that's what this is for some of you because I have students that once in a while smash it and then they do dumb They go back into doing bad habits influenced by social media and they want their corrected. And that's exactly what this is. I'm calibrating their ass. That's it. That's all it is. It ain't for you. That part of the message ain't for you. So, when you leave me comments, whether it's on X or in email or on the comment section of my YouTube videos, and you talk to me at that just know that I'm saying, "Fuck you." And I'm blocking you. I don't see you anymore. Like, I'm not losing sleep over you. You see me slowing down. no. I'm still the same man. I'm same man. I can come here anytime I want and do this Ain't nobody timing the market like me. Ain't nobody telling you what the it's going to do. this perfect. But me and I got students that are doing so great that I can't wait to see where they go. I'm telling you, they are going to be absolute superstars. Super stars. And you could be one of them. All you got to do is for free study and take notes and take the pursuit of this serious. Don't let other people influence you and make you second guess or doubt yourself. Honestly, man, if I saw what I do in 1992 when I first started doing this if I would have saw anybody doing what I show you, well, there's no way. There's no way it's fake. There's no way. There's no way that you can fake beforehand. This is the level and this is where it's going. Bang. And that's all it does. That's all it did is that every single time this person says this, this is what it does. Clearly something's going on. Clearly there's an advantage here that is superseding everything else. It's now set precedents that everything but this is And that's exactly what motivated me. When I didn't know anything, I knew if anybody on this rock was going to figure it out, it'd be me. And I couldn't. I couldn't. And then when I said I will submit and lay down my ego and lay down my pursuit of wanting to be somebody and I'll be a servant. I may not be polished, but if you look at what Jesus used all through the Old Testament as God when he selected men and women, man, that's that's a list of people that you wouldn't expect them to do what they did. Moses was a murderer. David was an adulteress adulter and literally had the woman's husband put on the front lines so he can be with his wife. And that's a man that God says after his own heart. So when you look at me and you judge me, you Christians. Oh, look at how you're talking. Yes. And then when I'm done this, his spirit will be laying on me hubby and I will be repenting just like you should be doing for judging me. I know where my weaknesses are. I know where I have work to do. And it it never ends. But if it wasn't for him gifting this to me, this understanding, pointing these things out to me, no man, no man ever wrote a book, made a video course, sat me down and said, "This is where this is doing." This is no man has did that. No man has ever done that in Jesus Christ's name. That has never ever ever ever happened. But that still quiet voice said, "Look here. Listen, I'm convinced that there are some very, very smart individuals in the world, very intelligent people, very, very intellect, and they would never find these things, but they're there. What's the chances of that happening? And why is it that I'm attributing it to someone otherworldly and not just me? Because I could do that angle. If I was the piece of that some of you really think I am, I could really, really use that angle. Being in teaching circuits, going all over the place, making millions of dollars a week, milking all of you, and you would gladly pay it. H, how about that? I know it because you're all begging for it in the email still. I got people texting me my personal cell phone number. Please, I will pay you $30,000. I will pay you $50,000. I'll pay you $20,000 and send my NDA. Listen, I'm not doing that anymore. I'm not doing it anymore. This is the medium I chose. That's it. You either sit and learn for free or you don't learn. That's it. That's the That's the economy here. I don't need anything from you. I don't want your thank you anymore. If you want to tell me you're the greatest in all time, I am not going to like your post and I'm gonna set your focus on God. Don't don't praise me. Praise him. I don't care if you're an atheist or not. I don't care if you're a Muslim. I don't care if you're a Hindu. I don't care if you are any other religion. If you praise me, I'm going to correct you and tell you you need to give that to God because that's who deserves it. That's where it came from. And I don't care if you believe that or not. I don't care. I could care less what you believe. But as you can see, the market comes all the way back up to consequent correction of this wick. 24,738 and a quarter right here. 743 and 3/4. It it trades there. and keeps diving deeper into all of this inversion fe now think I'm going to close the video or live stream rather if we're in the fall and I believe everybody in at least this part of the world would agree that you We're in the fall and seasonally stocks make a low in the fall. What would it look like if we're in a primary bullish market and the fall low or seasonal low formed in a bullish market? What what would it look like? Putting it I'm not trying to hard sell it right now, but just think about it. Couldn't it have done it in one fell swoop like this and cleared any trail stop loss below these lows below this low below this low below that low and changed where it went back into the last change of state delivery here with this down close candle and then we opened up here and rallied up and then we had one more attempt to make it look like it was going to go lower again today and it stopped dead in its tracks on a level that I teach you discount daily wick low and then everything has been straight up since then. Look how it's just moon maneuvering around the consequent encroachment of that inversion fair value gap on the daily chart. Look at that. Isn't that neat? With this time distortion, it's like a holding pattern. You want to be trading not in these periods. You want to wait until it moves again. It's not a breakout. You want to wait for it to start running. When the market goes into another stage of protraction, then you'll see you'll see PDAs form again. and if it's suggesting it's going to continue higher or if it's retracing deeper lower regardless the PDAs that form after leaving time distortion you don't ever want to try to trade in these consolidations because you're not going to be apt to be correct in a limited understanding that most of you have right now and I don't mean to be condescending I'm trying to be careful how I say it because I want you to be encouraged not defeated. I don't want you to feel like um like I'm talking down to you. Anytime I'm talking down or argumentative, it's the people that are doubting on the outside of our community or I'm taking those individuals that are doubting themselves to the woodshed and I'm trying to shake them by the lapels. Like, listen, stop thinking ass backwards. You can do this. It's transferable knowledge. you can do it, but you're just trying to be unrealistic with the expectations and the time horizon you're trying to operate in. You want it quick, and you can't make it happen quick. It takes time to study it. It takes time to look at charts and see it repetitively over and over again. And that's why I tell you to warm up to the idea like meditation. Meditation is for a trader back testing and journaling. If you don't want to do that, I promise you learning this is going to be harder than it needs to be and it's going to take you longer than anyone than you want it to be. Every successful business, all of them have a business plan. They revisit that business plan periodically. They have board meetings and they say, "Okay, how can we how can we improve? How can we cut costs? How can we, you know, be inventive creating new services or products or new ways of doing something?" And by having a journal, you're constantly measuring your progress. You're measuring your KPIs, your key performance indicators. Every business has this. Every business that's successful cares about these things. But when you see these people that have been brain rot from Tik Tok and YouTube shorts, give me everything I want and the least amount of time because I ain't got time to waste on you. Nobody worth teaching anything has time to waste on you. And you need to hear that. And I don't give a how that makes you feel. The level of entitlement today is off the charts. And when you care enough about yourself to say, you know what, I don't want to halfass this. I want to do this the right way. I don't want to second guess. Do I really understand it? I want to know that I know that I know. I want every intricate detail that's made available to me. Think about it. Wouldn't you want to learn from any other world caliber athlete, artist, musician if you could spend time with Jimmyi Hendris and have him coach you on how to play the guitar? Like, wouldn't you want to you would want to you would spend as much time as he made available to to teach you whatever he's going to teach. And if he wanted to talk about all the times he smoked dope and all the girls he ran around with in the middle of life, you would endure it. You would endure it because you know that that's something that you can't get. And that's what you're all listening to. And I'm not trying to be egotistical about this because nobody else has this. Nobody else has this. If they did God's honest truth, I'd say go learn from them too or go from go to them. But it's not like that here. And I know because I've taught for three decades plus. I know how people think. I know how they learn. I know how they build up these barriers to their understanding. And they do it to themselves. It's self-defeating. And most of it's impatience or unrealistic expectations. And I can't fix that. That's something you have to work on. And this society today, these this generation, they don't identify it. It's you you have to give it to me and and if you don't, you know, you're an You're not worth listening to. When the reality is is you're not worth teaching. You're not worth investing my time in because you're not teachable. You need to fix some things and then come back when you're ready. And then this relationship between mentor and mentee is going to be fruitful in your hands. I have it. I have limitations as a teacher. I am cognizant of where those limitations are and they're external because I'm not without the desire. I'm not without the energy level of being able to do it. I'm not certainly uh running out of content or the ability to teach things. I have tons of stuff and it works perfectly. So much so I guarantee you people are scratching their head thinking there is no way this guy is doing this. You're right. But I am but I am. And I have students all around the world doing the same thing. I'm not the only one that last Friday just happened to work out. I have students all around the world that did crazy returns. Hello. What's preventing you in the future being a part of those ranks? It's just a decision. Either you decide that you're going to do it or you're not going to do it. And I'm going to leave it to you whether you want to do that or not.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Advanced ICT Liquidity Concepts \ October 11, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_0Jh7HwCUI
================================================================================

Hello folks. How are you? Hope you're doing well. Welcome back. This is October 11th, 2025 and we're going to be focusing on Forex here for a moment with the usual suspects, dollar index, Euro dollar and pound dollar. All righty. On the left hand side, per usual, the daily chart, and on the right hand side, the five-minute chart. So, you can see the dollar index. Um, last time we talked, we were down in here, and I said I wanted to see it, you know, kind of give me a little bit more inspiration behind it. I told you I was expecting dollar index to go higher. I was bullish on dollar. You can check that, go back and look at the recordings. It's not ambiguous. It's rather one-sided. uh framed off of this inversion fair value gap. Then the bullish fair value gap in here and then using the consequent encouragement and quadrants of the wick in here. And then we have this inversion fair value gap with the volume imbalance the market started to rally up. Took out the buy side in here and worked inside of this sell side of balance buy side efficiency which is graded. You can see that the upper quadrant was pierced by the bodies and then on Friday we had a little bit of retracement back down into a volume imbalance. Here we have a suspension block which is a candlestick that has a volume imbalance to the high end of it and a volume imbalance to the low end of it. It need not okay for the guys out there trying to teach. You don't even know what you're doing yet. But I understand you got to get your ad revenue and sell your courses. But the uh the candlestick need not be a inefficiency. In other words, it need not have any one single pass with the candlestick. So it could have a candlestick to the left of it that was a fullbodied candle or a wick that completely overlaps the entire range between the upper and lower volume of balance. Okay? So that that's the distinguishing characteristic. This is why this PDA is a little bit different than you probably thought it was the first time I mentioned it. But anyway, we have a suspension block here. Uh the market trades from this open here down into midpoint of this range that's shaded in blue. And we trade right back down into that on Friday. Having all this information in this vicinity on the daily chart transposed over to the 5-minute chart. You can see they're on the New York open kill zone, which is 7:00 a.m. 10:00 a.m. Eastern time, always New York local time. Uh the market trades above the upper quadrant. That's this 99.368 level. You can check that there. We pierce it. We break lower and shift in market structure there and a retracement up. So you can see the 79% 62% retracement respectively. That's optimal trade entry. Uh very minimum it's got to go above the low to high. It's got to go to 50% or higher for it to be in a premium market. And that's the ICT model 2022. Okay. So, for the folks who say it doesn't work anymore, it's there every day. So, the market trades up into optimal trading trade. So, if you was just a standard flagship pattern trader that my channel was really based on in the beginning back in 2012, uh that uh that pattern is here in and of itself. We have an inversion fair value gap which is this buy side of balance sell efficiency. We we break below it leave it here and then come back in. As you see the bodies are finding resistance. Okay. So there's premium sensitivity here at the consequent encroachment of that inversion fair value gap and the market gives up the ghost and breaks aggressively lower trading through the midpoint or consequent encroachment of this inefficiency here. And it's this range from the low of this closing candle price volume bounce included up to this candlesticks low. Now I have it shaded in pink because it acts as a premium array to draw up into. Okay. So I'm not I'm not classifying it technically as an inversion fair value gap. That's why it's not orange like this here. Okay. Okay, so don't be confused by that. The orientation is when price was down here, I was expecting price to drop into it. And if you watch the older recordings, you'll see I mentioned over here and above all these buy side eventually once we get higher that it would consider that area and it it did. So it's not just hindsight, but we use that area up here as a premium rate to retrace back down into a discount array, which is this suspension block. Okay. So, you can see that that volume of bounce right here, these two black line segments, that's these two segments right here. And then the market falls out of bed, we have a breakaway gap. Uh here is for your notes. Okay? And I'll talk more about this in the books. Uh the breakaway gaps when you classify a breakaway gap, this is what your textbooks do not teach you. every classic archaic view of retail logic and trading technical analysis which is flawed by all measure. Uh the inefficiency that shows up on your chart that does not get filled back in. If it's between a quadrant level like this and another quadrant, expect that when we are, you looking for lower prices, when it breaks lower, if it leaves a quadrant like that and breaks a little bit lower, this is many time many times going to act as a breakaway gap because it's in no man's land between a quadrant and another quadrant inside the narrative and bias that the market's moving one direction. And that's how you see a properly classified ICT breakaway gap. You'll never see that illustrated or talked about anywhere when it comes to gaps. Okay? But that's how you classify a breakaway gap. Okay? The same thing can be said for measuring gaps. So a halfway point when there's a gap that is during a move if it's between a quadrant of either an inefficiency, okay, or an actual gap by a wick. Okay? So no matter how you slice it, if you're grading your price PDAs as I teach, whether it be a candlestick wick or a inefficiency in price action where it's a body that's being measured, not the wick, either way, if you're grading that price level or those price levels and you see a gap that appears between two quadrants, then it's chances are it's going to be a breakaway gap or a measuring gap. Okay? throw that in at no extra charge. You'll see it in everybody else's courses now. But the market breaks lower, trades down into that suspension block high here, which is the high of this volume of balance. Hits it there perfectly, rallies back up, finds the low here of that old inefficiency here, which is a buy side of balance, sell sign efficiency with the volume imbalance at the discount level, low end of it. So that price is at 98.898 and it hits it perfectly to the tick there. That's probably random. Working off of a volume of balance also that's not noted. Rallies up this portion of this cibby. We can grade that because it's anchored right on top of a lower quadrant level. Meaning the 75 level or lower quadrant at 99.054 054. That's this level here, which is one quarter from the low of this Pon B cell deficiency because the gap is laying over top of key key point here below inside the narrative that the market should deliver lower and it's below this inefficiency which we should expect that to be a breakaway gap. When another series of cibies form, this one we look at it as staying open or we want to see it remain unfilled. Can it come up and trade into it a little bit? Sure. But we expect some measure from its halfway point to the high of it. That portion should likely stay open unfilled here. The this cibby from this candlestick's low and this candlestick's high. That's denoted with these red trend line segments. We can grade that and the bodies are stopping right at the midpoint, which is exactly what you want to see when the market's bearish. It's showing you premium sensitivity. It's not support and resistance. It's reacting to half of this inefficiencies range. Even though there's a little wick there, the wick didn't even touch the upper quadrant. The bodies are staying at the halfway point indicating what as I taught in mentorship. This is heaviness algorithmically. It's indicating tipping its hand to you the market will want to seek a deeper discount. What would that be? Below that low and it trades down to the lower quadrant. I'm sorry, lower level of this volume imbalance which is candlesticks close on this right here. Okay. And we have a volume of balance there. trades up into before it gives up the ghost inversion fair value gap right here as well. Trading at its consequent encroachment halfway point breaks comes right back up into a volume of balance trades lower quadrant perfect delivery and trades down to volume balance on the daily chart right there. So all in all just a really good technical uh Friday. Moving on to Euro Dollar, uh just pretty much the opposite. We can see their sellside liquidity here. They tapped into that during New York opening kill zone 7 o'clock to 10 o'clock in the morning Eastern time. Always New York local time. We have the ICT model 2022 low high 62 to 79% retracement level. You can find that on your own charts here. But we have a inversion fair value. This CBI changes its characteristic when we trade above it. We come back down in the wicks are digging down but we don't get to the low here. The bodies are staying close to what consequent encouragement. It rallies up uses as the discount sensitivity and then rallies away. All these wicks converging around this level here at 1.1574. That's this old candlesticks low which is being graded. Okay. Why am I picking this one? Because it's lower than this one and it's lower than that one. So, it's the longest lowest reaching when price was dropping down. And below that, we have this spots on a bounce also on efficiency and we trade into that right here. Okay, which is not being shown in the chart because it's during Thursday's trading. Friday's trading had a higher low. That low being at the upper quadrant of this wick. Why am I using this wick? Because it's lower than this wick and it's lower than that wick. and this wick is lower than that one. So, it's not a just ambiguous changing rule based idea where it's just willy-nilly cherry-picking. It's not cherry-picking. It's very specific rules in all this price action in here. Where's the lowest reaching wick? This one. It's pretty obvious, isn't it? Look at all of them. This one here, this one's being graded because it's lower than this one is lower than this one. And it dug into this inefficiency that's shaded in blue. So if it's going to trade down lower, we have to consider this wick before we even consider this low being taken out and trading to consequent corrosion of this pos balance sell sign efficiency. And yes, that's why this is titled ICT advanced liquidity concepts. It's not baby pips. It's not elementary school. It's not classic you nonsense technical analysis concepts that archaic and nobody and nobody should have any faith in any of that stuff. Okay, this is technical sciences. It's it's a different degree of precision. So Friday we can see we're using this discount wick and the levels there you can see them being used over here. So the low of that wick there right on here it launches from there trades above the quadrant lower quadrant and then tears off. So this portion down here that would be what? That would be a breakaway gap. This would be a standard B cell deficiency or busy. You can grade this one and you can get down here to the lower quadrant. The body's respecting that as well. We trade up into the upper quadrant at 1.16220 of this discount wick. Because why am I looking at that? Because it was a discount array when we were trading lower and now when we were below it, it's going to act as what? It's going to change its characteristic to a premium array. So if you're going to grade it like a gap, you have to have these levels in mind and it trades up into that as well. You might want to take on your own study. I didn't do it here for you, but you want to take this high down to that low and duplicate that range and project it up and you'll get pretty much this area in here. Okay. So, I'll uh Larry Williams target shooter ideas from his old classic 4H 4VHs tape futures millionaires confidential trading course I think is what it was. I always butcher the name of it up. It's old age folks. But uh anyway the buy side balance sell side efficiency here almost complete closure we have a inversion fair that's not noted and it's traded down to its low here rallies up then the consequent encroachment accumulates once more and then starts to send a little bit higher we have a minor buyside liquidity there so we'll see what we get on uh Sunday's trading so if you can get any moving higher right moving on to pound dollar uh we talked about this gap here and I talked about the quadrants on these wicks. So you can see what happens after that. Right down she went tearing into this candlesticks premium wick upper quadrant consequent encroachment in red. So this wick is the lower of this one inside of this portion of price action. So this low this area in here that's the lowest one. Lowest reaching wick is this one here. So you're going to grade that one and we cut through candles because we are not flawed logic of supply and demand. Okay? So we're going to ignore this range here because the algorithm is going to see past us this and go right back to this inefficiency. Why? Because this level of wicking is treated like a gap and a gap is reused even after the gap has been filled and it would be considered filled with this drop down. It went below that low. But the algorithm is not going to just toss the baby out with a bath water. It's going to refer back to that reference point. So, we cut through looking through time here. And the question is coming up a lot in my comment section of my videos and sometimes you may see it on the X posts I put on. How long do I keep PDAs graded on my charts? Well, if you remember how I first started teaching in 2016, the paid mentorship portion of lectures, I taught the IPA data ranges 20, 40, and 60. So, you can go back as far as 60 days. And they're just as, you know, salient 60 days ago than they are just yesterday. And that in itself proves algorithmic sensitivity that there is a reference to time referring back to old very specific levels where now contrast that with classic support and resistance. You don't know what high or low the market's going to use. You don't know that. I do. And I repeatedly show it over and over again. And the point is, it's something that you can learn. Don't resist it. Don't fight against it. Just be thankful that it's being made available to you and you can study it for free. And the more time you put into studying it and documenting your observations, tape reading, back testing, logging old price moves, and marking them up like this. By repetition, you'll start seeing these same signatures over and over and over again. In the beginning, when I first started creating this language, I had to do these types of things to create the very language that you're learning. So, we have a high, low, higher, high. Everybody knows that that is my bearish breaker. But what happens when the market is bullish and it trades above it? It's going to treat it as an inversion breaker. Every PDA has an inversion aspect. It's not inverted, okay? It's inversion. So we use the consequent encouragement or mean threshold rather of that last down candle which is the bearish breaker. But now it's going to act as what? A bullish PDA. So you can see the body stopping dead on the midpoint mean threshold there. And then we had the opening right at that same price. It rallies up. The next candlestick we drop down to it once more. See there's discount sensitivity there. Rallies and then the candlestick opens right at the high of that candlesticks high and then digs into a little bit and then rallies aggressively creating what? A breakaway gap clearing this high. Now when you see these types of things you'll see Yahoo say, "Well, this is the fairway gap that I'm really interested in." Let me tell you something. If these form after you have a a breakout of price action during a consolidation, I never want to see these traded back into if it has the willingness to come back down into that and fill that in. That's not strength to me. Order flow, real order flow, algorithmic order flow is when there's an inefficiency after discovery, which is leaving this range here, taking this high out. When we do this, we want to see price keep that open. If this stays open, as long as this remains open, we have a bullish order flow. We do not anticipate market coming back down and closing and then then going higher because if it goes down and closes that in, I am not all that bullish. Then can it do it? Yes, it can. But it's more problematic if it does for continued price action higher. You want to see the indication that yes, there was an explosive price action move higher. It created an inefficiency, but the market is so overzealous to move higher. It need not even concern itself with coming back down in here offering a discount to people that would see what classic support, resistance, break, and retest. That's the trash perspective. That's garbage. Okay? If you're if you're stuck looking at the market like that, you're going to never really understand why these markets book higher and lower. You're you're never going to understand it because you're looking at convoluted nonsense to justify an ends to a mean that that doesn't have any connection. There's no there's no affinity for these things algorithmically. It's not there. But when you start studying price in the lens in the language I'm share sharing with you, you'll get more clarity and you don't have to like me. You don't have to, you know, you don't have to champion my name. It's not what this is about. This is about you learning how to do this so that way you can eat better and take care of your family better. Okay? I could care less if you like me. But this is a breakaway gap because it's taking out this high and then we are entering discovery. That means it's going to discover how much it can move and still allow traders to keep buying it. That's not buying pressure. It just keeps offering higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. It need not be a lot of contracts or lots in deference to the forex market of or shares. If it's a stock, it need not be a whole lot. It only needs one unit, one transaction to print that price. And all of this price run in here is used to then weigh on the sentiment of market participants because at at this point down here they may have seen this as a bare flag got real heavy and thinking wow it's really going to go lower then it starts to consolidate and then we start to move higher and they don't know what to do with it and then when these highs get taken out here then all the Johnny come lately pile in saying well we always knew it was going to go higher and we're going to buy out on a breakout and they're thinking, you know, they're they're buying strength, but they're chasing where's their stop loss going to be in all that price run. It's too big, too high. Okay, so the market trades up into the consequent encroachment level here of this wick, discount wick at 1.33637. And you can see that level here. And you can do a measured move type thing here. The same range from this high down to that low. Duplicate that and send it up here. And you'll pretty much get the the bulk of where the bodies are are converging right there. So there's uh three model 2022 scenarios panning out. And here is the portion where we talk about index futures. So for Friday's Christmas mini and QQ futures over here on the left hand side we have a daily chart and the five minute chart for at present or NQ and I'm showcasing it in the regular trading hours time and I'm showing October 2nd. Okay. Uh, if you recall, I was talking about and mentioned on X how, if I'm not mistaken, I think it's the October 1st live stream I did where I basically called the low, how it was forming, showed you the liquidity that was available, showed you exactly when all the sell side was absorbed, and then the market was going to be permitted to trade higher, and even told you it could create all-time new all-time highs. It did all those things. But the point is I was teaching you to take the regular trading hours opening range gaps and those quadrants that form and project them in the future. At the very minimum, if you're a little intimidated by what I said earlier about having my PD rays back as far as 60 days, I know some of you pundits out there are going to be, you know, chomping it a bit and you're probably already typing it out in the comment section of this video. And you're welcome to say anything on your last day. I if it's silliness, I just, you know, broom me. I don't ever see you again. But the uh the concept will probably be something like that or the con comment will be something like this. If you have enough of these lines on there, of course, it's going to hit something. But the problem is is I point to the ones that it goes to and then my trades are off of those levels. So it it's a matter of experience. And what you're going to discover is the ones that are so obvious and they converge and lay over top of or very very close proximity to another supporting PD array whether it be an inefficiency or a gap like the wicks. If it's laying on top of a quadrant level like that and it's also time anchored if it's time for it to move it's at a a session open. It's during the first 30 minutes of the opening range or it is inside of a macro time. Man, you have a loaded deal. And I don't want you to believe me because I said so. I know when I say something, the community says, "Wow, if ICT says this, I'm just going to take that and just go with it." Don't. Don't do that. You're robbing yourself the opportunity to feel the confidence that you know that you know that you know. It's not good enough for you to know that ICT knows. It's good only in your hands if you know that you know that you know. And you can only get that confidence by seeing it in your own hands. Go into your own charts and then tape read it. Not trade it yet. Tape read it. Watch and observe and you'll see the market is absolutely doing what I told you it would do. And it's not just doing it once in a while. Right now, the internet's a buzz. Oh, where did this sell off come from? Nobody saw this coming. Oh, a gasp. Come on. Seriously. Listen. Okay. I've already I've already um what is it? Blocked. Okay. I'm a I got the banhammer block um bionic thumb. You this fall here. I I have no time for people that are silly, stupid, or just ignorant. And here here's here's what you have to understand. Number one, you're not entitled to know anything from me in advance. I'm out here doing this because I like to do it. I'm not selling you anything. I'm not a course seller, okay? I'm not collecting any money from you. I'm not asking for your PayPal. I'm not asking for your credit card payments. I'm not doing any of that stuff. Have you noticed that? Have you noticed it? Yeah. But there's a lot of people out there that are shilling my stuff and I still don't stop. Why? Because you're not learning correctly from them. You're just getting crumbs from my table over here. I'm serving fresh all the time. And I want you to understand something. While I did give advice to the average viewer that you as an inexperienced individual, you should never ever ever entertain the idea of trying to pick a top in the marketplace. It's a fool's errand. It is simply something that's going to hurt you more than it will help you. Okay? And when I was a 20-year-old, when I was first learning about the markets, I thought that it was possible to do it. I thought Larry Williams was selling the high tick and buying the bottom tick all the time. He was my hero. I figured that's how he did it. 10,000 to a million dollars in a year. And it's not anything like that. So, what I'm about to divulge to you is 20 years. Okay, I've been doing this for 33 years, but it was 20 years of experience that led to this observation and realization. And prior to those 20 years bringing me to this point of perspective, I hurt myself a lot. I I just felt like I was way better than I really was. And I kept trying to fulfill this idea I had in my mind where I can pick the tops. I can do it. I I just had to tweak a little bit of this and tweak a little bit of that. Well, it just so happens that, you know, I was on vacation with my wife just this past week. We went to Cape Cod and we stayed at U Bar Harbor in Maine. Now, I know some of you this get you don't want me to talk like this because I I go on and on and you say I'm annoying and I that's okay. I don't want you as a student. Get the hell out of here. The point is this. We were coming home and I was watching NASDAQ all week and I told my wife, I said, "Listen, this thing's going to dump and trade down a lot. It's Friday. They have worked in so much staging for shorts, for smart money, and I'll explain what that is in a moment. And my wife looked at me and she's like, "Okay, what's that to me?" I don't care. That's what I said. Let me tell you something. This kind of move can pay for Christmas and this vacation and everything. Like that's how big this thing's going to move. Well, my wife's never impressed by this because she she still thinks it's a a video game. It doesn't matter how much money you ever make. The point is it's still a video game to her. So, she thinks like a lady that is not interested. And that's not a knock against her or anything. It's just she's remained consistent the entire time we've been together. So just understand this gentlemen. If your wife is not impressed by your success doing this, don't feel bad. You're you're you're among good company. Okay? Trust me when I tell you that. So let's talk about how I expected this measure of retracement but was surprised that it happened in one day. like it was a lot of movement in one day. I expected this to kind of like bleed over into next week and it still might do that, but it just really overd delivered. And I want you to go back to again the post I was making about Thursday, October 2nd, and I told you to take those levels. The apt student would carry those over into the the right side of their chart and keep keep extending them to the right. I'm going to kind of like break that down and decode that for you. I'm going to remove the mystic the mystery and and mysticism around why I was talking about it. If you go to your daily chart and we had our old all-time high here, okay, they formed as relative equal highs. This high being slightly lower than that one. So that classifies this as a high probability candidate for a run on liquidity. It's less likely when the right side is higher than the left because we've already done the damage there by running the wick of this candlestick. So, we created this short-term all-time high and we traded lower. Okay? And you can look at your daily chart and we'll see it in a moment when I show the bigger portion of this. But for now, don't look at chart yet. Just follow along with this one. And then we had this candlestick here. We pierced it, but look, we only pierced it with a wick. That's not meaningful to me. It's insignificant. It's unfinished business still above this candlestick high. So on this day here, we have October 2nd. The market creates this open. We trade down and we rally up here and then come off the high right there. The this day October 2nd regular trading hours opening range gap. That's what this five minute chart has been showcasing. Okay. So these levels here are what I was referring to. They need to be carried into the future. Why did I say that? Why not any other being specifically mentioned? I said in the October 1st that you should look back over the last three days. Always. If you have opening range level quadrants on your chart, go back over the last three days and include them. So technically you're going to have whatever the trading day that you're trading that opening range gap if there is one in its quadrants and then one two three days ago. So what do you have in your charts technically four opening range gaps and their respective quadrants. So when I say you have to have three on there, it's not just three sets of opening range quadrants. today's trading day and whatever opening range gap quadrants there may be associated with it and then yesterday the day before it and the day before it and you have to go back into the previous week if you're looking at like say for instance on Monday you'll go back to Friday Thursday and Wednesday of the previous week if there's a holiday you're going to skip over that and just go to the market day that uh price was permitted to trade in this Today we have a body left above the previous all-time highs. This right here is much more meaningful. So this day's opening range gap is going to be highly highly significant. That's why I told you to carry it and go forward projecting it forward. And you'll look at all these days here and you'll see those levels which are these levels here. They're being used by the algorithm that you don't believe exists. But everybody knows about opening range gaps. It's always been a thing ICT. I didn't say I invented a gap opening. I didn't say that. I just created a language how you can take advantage of it and trade precision entries and exits and scale in build your positions larger trail your stop loss appropriately and properly. That's what I promise to teach. Nobody else does that. Now, they might have interpretations, but they don't have it like I got it. And these levels are what you should have on your chart. And this is a video where you want to probably pause this video right here. Go and get your levels on the opening range gap for October 2nd. Okay? And then study the third, the fourth, fifth, you know, so on until we made this high up here. Notice how it was used all in this area here. And you're going to see that there's a lot of wonderful confirmations, setups, stop-loss management ideas that could have been utilized and implemented. Lots of scalps, lots of wonderful scalps. And I teased even while I was away that look at this. Even today, it still used the upper quadrant. Even then, it used this, it used that. because I'm I'm poking and I'm proddding you to consider this information because it's not contrived. It's not random. It's not made up. It's not borrowed logic from anything else. Okay? It's my life's work. So, the candlestick that left a body above old time all-time highs, this logic also works when it's not trading all-time highs. But I've learned 20 years into my career that this is something that tends to repeat at all-time highs. Now, I've only had a few instances in certain markets to see all-time highs form. I've only been around for 53 years, but in my 53 years on this spinning rock, that's a sphere, not a flat surface. By the way, flat earth, you're wrong. the idea of a body being left above that old all-time high. This could be still used if it's just a old market high. If you're looking for the market to trade above an old all-time high, it's this logic and any old high where we look at this candlestick, it leaves a body above it. Whereas, by contrast, this one only wicks above it by a little bit. So, I want you to understand there's a significant departure from just simply going above it price-wise and then leaving the body above it. Okay, this is much more salient and more information being indicating that the algorithm will now utilize that candlestick's opening range gap levels and that's these levels here. Okay, I also show this uh lower quadrant here. You'll see this in the chart uh slides as I go forward. It's perfect position here. Why am I picking this one? Because it's the highest one in this swing high lower quadrant. Trades it, hits it perfectly, and sells off on that day of October 2nd, 2025. But now watch what happens. I want you to pay attention to the daily chart over here. We have a buy sign on a balance sell efficiency volume of bounce toward the discount end of that bissy and it's candlesticks low as the high graded. Here's the upper quadrant. consequent encroachment lower quadrant and then the low. This portion here of that blue box is being shown right down here. The buy side equity pool here is this blue line right there. So that way we can track everything. Thursday regular trading hours opening range gap lower quadrant. This is the opening range gap low on that Thursday. That's this black line here. Consequent encroachment of Tuesday, October 2nd opening range gap. Here's the upper quadrant. And here's the high of Thursday's opening range gap. High. That's what's being shown here. Okay. over here. This candlestick here on the 2nd of October has a little arrow above it. That closing price. Okay. Everything I'm saying here when you're looking at markets trading at lows that you anticipate trading below an old low and looking for accumulation to go higher, you're going to reverse everything I'm saying here. But for now, I'm focusing on how we can not predict. I'm not trying to promise you're going to be able to call the high in the marketplace. I didn't get at the high, but I'm showcasing how you can see real accumulation and real distribution in the marketplace. Okay? Bodies left above old highs right there. that closing price. As soon as that day closes and a new one opens here, that price right there and anything above it, smart money will start staging shorts. If we're making an all-time high or if we're making a long-term high or a significant intermediate term high and we expect to see a a decline that's tradable, you want to reference in the market when it's bullish. If you're anticipating a turnaround, you want to indicate every up close price, the the closing price. That's what I'm indicating here. So October 2nd, 2025, this price is what's being indicated, which now appears here on this chart. So everything at that price and above, smart money is looking for PD arrays to get short on. They're running out old highs, selling into that. They're selling into that. They're building large portions because they have to act like a commercial trader does in commodities. They enter early. When big positions are uh sought after, they start putting in positions early. Where do they and how do they do that? Everything above this closing price, anything above that price is going to be chased by what? Retail. But when they're buying it, smart money is selling to them as they buy. So at this point here and above to this candlestick here, all this is where smart money is accumulating swing trading perspective that kind like like a duration of time, not a day trade. In other words, they're staging in that range shorts. And then we get this day. We have a higher close price than the previous one. See that? So now above that price and higher up to here, Smart Money is looking for PDAs, old highs to sell into when it goes above it or trading back up into premium arrays. They're selling short inside that area. And then finally, we have this closing price here. So, we have one, two, three stages of smart money shorting. They're staging their short positions. As the market's going higher, they're feeding that buy liquidity to the people that want to chase price higher. They keep Oh, it's going to keep going higher. You can see what they're doing with the candlestick wicks. See that? Yeah, we were here at this highest point here, but we closed down here. Yeah, we were high up here, but we closed right here. We were high up here, but we closed way down here. We We are high here, but we closed right there. That's distribution of longs and accumulation of shorts by Smart Money. Now, this is not a one-time video and you understand it. Please, young men, do not go out there and pretend. Did you understand what I just said? It's going to take you a little bit of time studying your own charts and studying what price action is doing when it does these types of things. But do not think like this only with all-time highs. Every time the market creates intermediate term or long-term highs, it does these same things. It does these same things. But at all-time highs, you want to see an all-time high form and then a deep retracement and then it gets taken out and then start looking for these types of scenarios. Okay. So here we have this portion here at this candlesticks closing price and anything above it they're going to be utilizing premium arrays and selling short above old highs because they have deep pockets because they are essentially agents of the market where they're literally privy to certain things. They don't have to have the same concerns that you have to have. You want to trade big positions, very, very small stop- losses. They don't need to worry about that type of stuff because they're not overleveraging. They're scaling in. They're scaling in. They're scaling in. Now, time element. It's Friday. We're at all-time highs on Thursday. We open up on Friday. We trade up into that Thursday high. and we grade that. Okay, upper quadrant's pierced, but we can't get to the high of it. And we trade lower. As it starts to trade lower, everybody's talking about the comment that Trump made about the 100% tariff on China. And that news is the justification. It's the excuse. It's the the news moved the market. Trump's moving the market. Trump is not moving the market. I promise you, this guy is looked at as some kind of messiah. He ain't. The bottom line is this. It is not what he says, it's what the market's doing before he speaks. And then all the excuse, all the blame, all the well, that's the reason why that retail can see it. And that helps them sleep at night knowing that their trend lines didn't work or their moving average crossovers didn't work anymore or their divergences or their indicators didn't avail them a win. It didn't communicate any clarity to them. So, it makes perfect sense that it's mean old Trump. He manipulated the market because he said this when I'm going to show you it's not that at all. But it makes perfect sense to a neophite. It's a perfect blame game for someone that doesn't know how these markets operate and how they book price. It's a perfect excuse for them not to know why it didn't indicate before it was going to go down. It's a perfect excuse for someone that's weak-minded, that's insecure as a young man on social media that doesn't want to listen to someone with 33 years of experience that literally does it, that went out there on live stream and told you beforehand this is what it was going to do and it did it to the tick. You have a choice. You can listen to me or you can not listen to me. But why waste your time if you're not going to listen? Because I'm not going to fail at this. I'm not going to fail. I keep making more millionaires, more successful students. And I talk about it as it happens. I talk about it before it happens. I explain it in detail why it will repeat in the future. So that way you can do it, not just, "Wow, he did that. He did this. He can do that." It's not about me. Take me out of this. Take you and put you in it. Can you see yourself doing this? You will never be able to do it unless you stop listening to fools and you roll your sleeves up and you do your own due diligence and study it, back test it, look at old price moves. So, let's move a little bit forward now. So, we jump ahead and we're looking at Tuesday price action. We open up higher again. This uh is a five-minute chart on NASDAQ. Usually I show like a one minute chart, but for the sake of sizing and showing more data, I'm using the five-minute chart. We have a small gap in here. So, it's regular trading hours being shown. And the idea is that we see it trade lower above that this closing price. So, we we use that price here. So, there's discount sensitivity. It rallies above previous high here. So what's above that buy side? So they're selling into that. They're selling into that. We come back down into that October 6 closing price. Then we have a gap opening higher. We rally above previous high. Then we sell off. Small little civian here. Sells off and trades down into what? Thursday's regular trading hours opening range gap low. That's this dark line right here. You'll see it annotated in a moment. Here's the lower quadrant. Here's consequent encouragement. Here's the upper quadrant. Here's the high of it, which is the opening price on Thursday, October 2nd. So, don't be confused with these annotations. I'm referring to only October 2nd. Why? Because it was the candlestick that had the body that was left above the previous all-time high when it formed and then retraced away from it. Really, really important. And you're going to need to watch and listen to this video a few times, but then go back and look at your old price moves. It doesn't need to be all-time highs, and you'll see exactly what I'm saying is the truth. And there has never been ever ever never ever ever ever been another author, teacher, educator, trader that ever talked about it, shared it, or ever communicated, or even hinted at it. Not one time in history ever in print, video format, or audible. And that's the truth. And today, October 11, 2025, good old Michael J. Huddleston, ICT, inner circle trader, is giving it to you for free. Why? Because I don't need your effing money. I don't need it. I don't need your money. And for some of you, that just pisses you off because you want to be able to say, "I got a shill. I got to get my bills paid. And I'm out here giving it for free over and over and over again. I'm like the candyman." And guess what they say about the candyman? The candyman can I can here look at the levels it's using the upper quadrant here hits it sells off lower than that it's the consequent encroachment level look at the body respecting it there and trades down to lower quadrant and then to the low of it this is literally five days after October 2nd why is the price respecting these levels Find that in support and resistance theory. It's not going to be found. Find it in white. It's not going to be found. Supply and demand. Find it. It will not be found. It's not an Elliot wave. Pitchforks ain't nowhere near to be seen. Moving average crossovers. Nope. No flags. No penants. No regression channels. None of that nonsense. No harmonic patterns. No animal patterns, zoo patterns, none of that stuff. It's a simple grading of very specific generic ideas when you understand the market's algorithmically delivered. It's a very simplistic approach to understanding why price is going to do what it's going to do and when it should do it. when look at the times when price is hitting these levels. There's the epiphany. You're going to love it. But if you're never looking for it, it goes under the radar. And that's why every Tom Dick and Harry and Jane Doe educator never noticed it before because they don't believe there's a central algorithm that runs everything. They believe it's buying and selling pressures. Therefore, it must be random. It's a randomly evenly distributed random act of chaos of buying and selling. We all are doing auction theory. No, you're not. No, you're not. You're following a Judas either to slaughter or you soon will be. That's what retail is doing. And that's all they're ever doing. But they're given all this wonderful distractions to be able to classify and say, "I'm smart because I know this trading model. I'm using this trading approach. I'm using this indicator and this school of thought and I use this guy because he wrote books about this or this person made this or this person won a contest using this or therefore it must validate it and it doesn't hold water." Like I said, you can flip a coin buy and heads short on tails if you use sound money management and don't overleverage or overtrade. you can make money. It doesn't sound like it's possible to the neophite, to the uninitiated, to someone that has no idea what's going on. There's no way that that could possibly happen, but yet it does. But what will happen is someone will bring their own twist to it. They can't follow those rules. They got to well the last time I looked at this price like this and the last time I got in a fight with my spouse and last time I had gout and last time I had athletes foot and last time my back was aching and elbow hurt. I had tennis elbow. I had this and I had that. You know the market did this and the other thing happened. You bring in human failed logic and it's what people do all the time. I can give you literally enigma. I can give it to you and you'll lose money with it. Not because it's not perfect, but because you want to make something in your own hands with it. You want to say you found something, you discovered something, you want to be authenticated because you contributed something. And that's the big thing right now. And a lot of you young people just need to be thankful that you're even learning it. Not enigma, but how the markets actually book. There's so many of you out there that simply can't give honor to whom it's due. That's God. Because that's who gave it to me. That's who gave it to me. So keep shelling. Keep doing all that nonsense you're doing because nobody's going to remember your name. Nobody's going to remember your name. They might see you right now talking in the language that I gave you, but they're not going to remember you. You got suckers on the on the the meal ride right now paying you. But that's going to dry up. And when it does, nobody will remember you. Nobody will. And that's going to hurt. It's going to ache cuz that's what you really want. Cuz money is easy. Money's it's fleeting. You get it, you got it, you spend it, it's gone. But for all you out there that are selling and marketing and trying to make a name for yourself, you want legacy. You want legendary status. I don't want it. I don't want it. But you're never going to get it. You're never going to get it. >> It's delicious. Actually, moving forward here, we have Wednesday, October 8th. Now, we're above the October 6th closing price. That's over here. All these wicks, we're seeing that form in here. So everything in this price run up here. Again, every time price runs above this high there, Smart Money is staging. They're adding to their short position. This high here, as it trades above it, they're adding to their short position here. This high, as it trades above it, they're shorting more up here, they're shorting. What is this? It's an inversion fair gap. Price breaks that low, trades down. There's your short inside of another fair value gap there. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful delivery there. Trades back down. What's it trade down to? Tuesday, October 2nd, 2025, regular trading hours, opening price. That's the high of that opening range gap on October 2nd. Hits it and what does it do? Stop. It flirts just below it a little bit with the wicks and then rallies away. Why is it using that level? If the algorithm doesn't exist, why is it using now something six days old? The data has already been used. It's already been referred to. It's already closed its gap. Here's the third. It traded down and and threw it. So why is it still using it? Everybody knows about GAPS. this guy. ICT, what a fraud. He's rebranding. Uh, no. I'm trailblazing. And you're all having the wonderful opportunity to watch it as it happens. You're all having a GAN moment. You're all watching a Livermore moment. That's not ego. It's just simple facts. And now here we are. Here we are. Dday. Here it is the market on the 9th. Here's Thursday creating the high. Okay, we have the market trading in an area where the October closing price here on the ETH the 9th we open, we rally up in this little portion of price action in here. All this that's being graded up here. You can see those levels here at 25,393. even that's this candlestick's high. Okay. So it's pre over here previous looking at it the bodies are stopping rate of consequent encroachment right here and we're above buy side on this swing high here deep retracement. It trades down into what I tell you Thursday's regular trading hours opening price. So that was the high of the opening range gap on Thursday October 2nd. The only reason why we're constantly keeping these levels on our chart is because on the daily chart, it was October 2nd that left the higher bodied closing price above the previous swing high that made all-time highs. Carry that over into when you're not trading all-time highs, just using it for market structure purposes. When you're trading above an old high and you're expecting a long-term or intermediate term high to form, you're using the same logic. It just works more frequently because it's rare that the markets that you're trading are at all-time highs. It takes a lot of time to get to these all-time highs in markets. So, here we have it. So, point is the market's already indicating it's tipping its hand. the bodies are not able to close above consequent encroachment of the ninth price action. So when we start trading on the 10th here, it's it's faltering. It's failing. It can't muster up the strength to get into a run to make a higher all-time high. And we've had three stages of smart money shorting. This price that is too far to the left is the old buy side. It trades above it here. That's your first indication that we laid down a body and a closing price at a all-time high. Above a old all-time high that was a swing high. So here's a stage one. Here's stage two and stage three. Anything above those closing prices, smart money is putting in shorts. They're selling. They're selling to the public. They're selling to money chasers, the Johnny come lately, the breakout artists, the Instagram traders, the Tik Tok traders, the YouTubers. They're buying on breakouts. They're buying strength. They think it's going to go to the moon. All this is it's going to the moon. It's going to the moon. Just like Bitcoin, it's going to the moon. It's going to the moon. doesn't market trades right back above right in here above buy side here and taps October 8th 2025's closing price after just a hair pierce above And then it happens inversion fairway. I got small little invol um volume and bounce in here. You'll check your price to see it. It's very small but it's there. Market trades up. It's all out of bed. three stages of smart money selling above an all-time high indicated by failure by the body's not making any headway above consequent encouragement. If it would have been above it then we might have to make a higher high but it's not. And I taught you this. I taught you this. This is how you read orderflow. It's not level two nonsense where you're looking at numbers and attribute that to some kind of prognostication for the future. It has nothing to do with it because there's orders above and below. That ladder is not going to be helpful in terms of direction. It's your in private interpretation is what you're you're believing in the religion that you created for yourself. But when you start seeing the science that I'm showing you here and the closing prices are giving telltale signs to smart money that it's about to turn. Why? Because we couldn't post a body above consequent encouragement of this wick and it's time Friday. Oh, it looks like a bull flag or a bullish continuation penant. really reversion fair value gap failure to go higher. We're consolidating and then we go into the macro 1050 11:10 a.m. overlapping with London close. Look at your euro. Look at your dollar index and look at your pound dollar again. Then market starts to drop. People are in shock. Social media is ablaze. What's going on? Trump. Trump did this. Trump said that. Trump said Trump this. He's the fault guy. I told you in 2016 he would be used as such before he was even elected. And before you come at me, I have never voted in my life. I've never voted for anyone because it's a facade. You're a victim of the left right paradigm and no matter what side you pick, you're still being deceived because you don't have a say in the matter. If they voting mattered, they would never ever let you do it. So, I'm not trying to promote an idea one side or the next. I'm not Republican. I'm not Democrat. I'm not independent. I'm a monarchist. I'm looking for a coming king. He's not of this world. So, my perspective is completely objective outside of I'm not looking at it through the lens of a party view. But I told you in 2016 that everything you're seeing all around the world and in the US, it was coming and it's here. I told you it was going to be expensive and you won't be able to pay for food. You won't be able to do this. You won't be able to do that. It's happening. I tell you about this in the market. I tell you about that in the market. This is what it's going to do. Is it what it's not going to do? It's going to say it wants to go higher with certain things, but retail will chase that and it'll be wrong. We're in the age of deception right now. And you need to make sure you guard yourself against that. And because I'm a man and you got to make sure that no man deceives you, don't take my word for it. Go into your charts and get your evidence there. Period. So, here's where we're at. inversion fair gap macro 1050 1110 trading at the closing prices third stage of smart money shorting at all-time high and one more tap into that buy side and it carines lower and back into that Thursday those Thursday levels we trade down below consequent encroachment of Thursday October 2nd 2025's opening range gap it wicks through it twice. Where is the bodies below it? Why am I using that Thursday, October 2nd opening range gap? Because it's the one it's the one that had the daily candlestick close that laid down a new all-time high above a previous all-time high that was formed that was retraced on. So, it should be viewed as what? Continuation. But I'm looking for indications that smart money will fade into that and start selling it distribution here inside this cibby volume and balance. I'm a balance. This is what suspension block halfway point consequent encroachment can't even reach that and the bodies are staying below what Thursday's regular trading hours opening range gap consequent encroachment midpoint level. It can't even muster the strength to come back and kiss it with its bodies. It's weird. It's heavy. So, where could it reach for? Go back to your daily chart. We have a swing low. We have a discount wick that you can grade. And then we have the change in the state delivery down here. See this down close candle all the way past this one. So, if we're going to pierce this, this is the last time after or before this candlestick formed. This was the last time there's a change in state delivery. So this candle sticks open to its high. That is your premium wick. When price is above it, it's going to act as what? A discount wick. So here's the lower quadrant consequent encouragement. And the upper quadrant. Lower quadrant comes in at 24,16650. And during regular trading hours, you know, trailing stop losses getting stopped out. It is what it is. But that is a really, really nice run. carrying it over to electronic trading hours where you can see that there's trading beyond that three I'm sorry 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. Uh this big drop off went right down into that there beautifully with just below the low. But look at that delivery. It's completely random. I'm sure most of your eyes I don't see it as that. See, I've seen these things happen a lot of times. Not just once in a lifetime like some of you 20-year-olds. These things are measured. These things are scripted. These things are calculated. They're predetermined, predestined. And when you look at how smart money was selling above these highs here and above this candlestick's closing price here and here and above this candlestick's closing price here and here and above this candlestick's closing price here and here and then all of a sudden during a macro time inside of inversion fair value gap after three stages of smart money staging for shorts at all-time highs at the end of the week when the government shut down and all this stuff is coalesing at the same time Trump says, "I'm reinstating 100% tariffs on China." There's the perfect excuse. There's a perfect excuse that buying and selling and random acts of chaos, nobody should expect to be able to time the market. It's a wonderful plot. that would make a wonderful TV movie. It takes that perspective to believe that fiction because that's what that is fiction. Now, am I going to sit here and tell you that it was expected on my part that it was going to deliver such a long drop down on Thursday? No. But submitting to the idea that I picked up from good old Larry Williams, the most money you make is holding for the close. Think about it. You're stuck in a car. You're limited to the perspective of your Samsung Ultra. So, you're not going to look at every single one minute candlestick. You're just going to hold an idea close to your heart and let time do its thing. And then you look and you're pleasantly surprised. Wow, it did what I expected to happen over next week. It did it all in one day. This should be signifying to you that if you're not respecting risk right now, if you think you're John Wayne of the markets, okay, you think you're the cool hand Luke, you think you're uh Paul Newman in the color of money and you just can't miss, you might want to take another look because there's a whole lot of things in the offing just past the horizon. You just can't see it yet, but it's coming. And it's going to make these markets move in a pace, in a method, and a style of delivery that's going to take your head clean off if you don't know what you're doing. You want to overlever your pretend little demo accounts that you affiliated with these funded account companies. Yeah, it's only the reset fees you got to pay that you're gambling and you're taking big lottery guesses. And if you're doing that with your real money, you are playing idiot poker. man. And you are holding a commode flush. You got you have no idea what's about to happen to you. There's so many things that can happen at any moment at the drop of a hat. Any one of those things are going to be the perfect instrument to justify why these markets don't stay where they're at and they leave at a pace that you've never seen before. And if you're caught on the wrong side, Lord help you. So you have to be careful. You have to be careful. And overnight gap risk should be your number one priority. not assuming it. Don't hold overnight. If you're a trader and you're doing anything holding overnight, Yeah. Well, you know, good luck. Cuz if you're on the wrong side, no, that's not where I want to be at. Because if it can move this much in one day, how much do you think it can do overnight when we open up on Sunday? How much can it move just from where we close on Friday, 5:00 p.m. Eastern time and opening up on 6:00, 1 hour later? What prevents them from opening up 1,500 handles different from where you last saw it? Nothing. That's the thing you don't understand. Like you think that there's got to be, you know, a a a method that prevents things like that. It it this isn't like that. Remember, you think smart money is not short right now. Look where they've moved it. They are not letting other people in on that move. They've already shifted this thing a lot. Now, what do you think the public wants to do? Come Monday or Well, Monday's a holiday. When they can get in the market and trade they're going to do what? If they're long, they're going to be scared and they're going to try to get out. And people that don't know how to trade see it as, wow, it's probably going to start dropping now. You should not be trying to do anything right now. It's already moved a lot. So, just sit still. Wait for the dust to settle a little bit. And if it keeps going lower and you miss it, that's better than trying to chase it. That's it for this one, folks. Until talk to you next week, Lord willing. Enjoy your weekend. Be safe and good luck and good trading.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: ICT Forex & Futures Market Review October 4, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uT68tcowU-c
================================================================================

Hello folks, how the heck are you? Welcome back. Today is October 4th, 2025 and we're doing a quick review on the forex market. Usual well suspects are and the usual suspects being US dollar, fiber or euro USD, cable or pound dollar. All right, it's going to be easy to go through these because generally the market is just held in a holding pattern right now. So you can see how everything on dollar is being trapped in between this inefficiency and this inefficiency. So by grading them you can see the pertinent levels here. I have the lowest reaching discount wick and I only have this suspension block graded on the right hand side. You can see the five-minute chart reached up into that volume imbalance right here. I have the two dark black lines there and I have a dashed line indicating its consequent encroachment between the two bodies. This candlestick's open, this candlestick's closed. That's what these two levels are here. You can see at the start of trading reaches up into that volume imbalance breaks. So there's a displacement there. Trades right back out to consequent encouragement perfectly. Then we break lower trading into the bullish fair gap here. And then this quadrant here we trade down into it there and it falls short of reaching consequent encouragement of the buy balance sell sign efficiency shown here at 97 58 or 582. So overall, it's kind of like doing nothing. And I mentioned this earlier in the week, which is another reason why I keep telling you all that keep saying, "Please talk about Forex. Please talk about Forex." Um, if Forex is going to be doing things like this, I'm not interested in it. And it's going to make it harder for you as a student to navigate in that market because it's not highly liquid. It's not loose. It's high resistance, not low resistance liquidity runs. So it's very very difficult for you to navigate a market like that. So I try to take your attention away from it. I my attention certainly diverted to other markets like the futures market. But moving on into Euro dollar, similar thing we have a sell side balance buy sign efficiency highest premium wick annotated there. You can see the consequent encouragement of it here at 1.17562 and the lower quadrant being at 1.17449. You can see on Friday's trading, we traded up into the 1.17562 consequent encroachment. I have it colored as purple to contrast that there. Okay? So that way you're not going to see that and think that's the same level. And then the uh upper quadrant coming in at 1.17449. That's it right here. So really there's nothing in here that's all that exciting about Euro dollar. It's not moved a lot at all. I mean it's really really small ranges. So if you get excited around 20 handles or 20 pips and to me it's not worth paying any in mind or any attention to it. Right. Moving on into cable. Now this one has a little bit better structure. So you can see we had lower quadrant of this premium wick being measured and I also did the lower quadrant on this one just for uh contrast. Okay. So as we were compressing smaller in the wicks and then the discount wick being shown here, you can see that the low is defined by the upper quadrant of this discount wick coming in at 1.34 302. That's that level right there. We have a shift in market structure. Bu sell side efficiency comes right back down into it and then rallies leaving that which is the high of this discount wick and then we come right back down into it there once more trading into this bot side of efficiency. Then it rallies higher. We have a breaker low high lower low carry that forward. That's a breakaway gap measuring gap and then trading up into the quadrant 1.34864 and that's the lower quadrant of this wick here. Okay, you would still have this in here by by contrast you can see it. So this is one objective it could reach for. So words if it went to this quadrant and went higher you would expect it to reach for that one. So that's how we we work through nested or closely um printed wicks that are in subsequent candles. And apart from that really didn't do too much at all really. But it had a better run about 45 handles or so maybe 50 handles. Moving on into futures and focusing on December mini NASDAQ futures. All right. So on the left hand side I mentioned this on Twitter yesterday. So if you look at the uh the posts I didn't do any live streaming and I mentioned what I thought was selling at the time. So buy side of balance sell side efficiency here and the market was pulling back after making another higher high on a Friday. And I'm showing you Thursday's opening range real time or regular trading hours um opening range gap rather. That's this here. So that'll look familiar. And it closed that gap there perfectly. Then came right back up to it again there. Came back down to consequent encroachment. Rallied up into some random level in here and then fell out of bed and then took out the intermediate term sellside liquidity pool I mentioned on Thursday's commentary. And looking at that rally, it takes us right back up into Thursday's regular trading hours opening range gap lower quadrant. So the labels here are Thursday's regular trading hours closing price Thursday's regular trading hours opening range gap lower quadrant consequent encroachment upper quadrant the opening price there based on Thursday's trading no opening range gap is being plotted in this discussion on Friday's trading when you have these real big wide gaps like that you definitely want to carry them forward and they're going to be utilized the next day. Especially if you're inside the range, what between what boundaries am I referring to inside what range? The high and the low of that previous day's opening range gap. So, just notice how the sensitivity here like that's that's beautiful. It's not pivot numbers. It's not support and resistance. So, dropping down into a one minute chart because we were just looking at a five-minute chart. Now we're only looking at Friday's trading. So here's first presented fair gap there and carrying that forward and grading it. You can see all those levels. We trade up into Thursday's regular trading hours opening range gap high and we break down. And now refer to yesterday or October 3rd, 2025's commentary and the notes I posted in Telegram and you'll see what these suspension blocks are. I'm not going to go over it again here, but we trade down to consequent encouragement of this discount wick. Carry that forward. We trade up into first present fair gap hits all the quadrant levels. Consequent encroachment, we break lower. We have a bullish fair gap. That becomes an inversion fair gap here. And again at the regular trading hours, opening range gap upper quadrant. Okay, I saw some people that were saying I was calling this level wrong. It's not the upper quadrant. You don't know what you're talking about. Okay, that's why I broomed you off of um X. I I won't look at your your post. Don't try to correct me about something I know. You're just learning about it here and talk to me about what you think I'm doing wrong. I'll make mistakes, but I I know what I was talking about when I was posting it. So it sells off here and trades down into the lower quadrant and then all the way back up to the higher suspension block. Now this is shaded not green here like it was when I presented to you yesterday. It now it's acting as an inversion level. So it's going to be a premium array. Hits the consequent encroachment of that perfectly and sells off. Comes back up inside this one again sells off. inefficiency inversion fair value gap after this fails and when it's heavy and bearish that's what we want to see and I mentioned that we would see the lower quadrant and then the fair value I asked on Twitter did you have this highlighted on your daily chart and is it graded and we got down to lower quadrant I'm sorry upper quadrant rather at 24,955 that's this level here. It trades down to here and gets very very close to consequent encroachment but says not today and came off that and closed up here. EGIF conditions we had a high of the week at 25,196 and a half and the low came in at 24,633 and a quarter. That's this candlestick's wick and this candlestick's wick making the daily range. uh boundaries high and low. And then here is the 20% of the range. It's 25,83 and 3/4. 30% of the range of the week is 25,27. And then 40% was 24,971.25. And those levels here, you can see them right here. They're shortened and they don't go all the way to the um hard right edge. And you can see how they were delivered too. So TGIF was uh delivered actually almost went down to half the weekly range left that portion with that candlesticks wick that opened as well. All right. So moving into the afternoon all I did was move forward in the chart and you can see how we came up into consequent corrosion with that suspension block that becomes an inversion level. Same here. fills in that small little gap right there. It's too small for me to annotate. Breaks lower. The bodies are respecting the upper quadrant. Doesn't come up to the top of this buy side balance outside efficiency. Measure your volume imbalance and then breaks lower, hits the low of it, and then sells off and comes right back up to that same inversion fair gap and then just hammers and bangs in between 40% of the weekly range and 30% of the weekly range. And the river trading hours closing price from Thursday. And that's where it defined the range going into the close. Now, for the folks that complain and belly ache to me, please talk about Forex because you trade CFDs or Forex pairs outside the US. I don't know why you're not doing this, okay? Because you're able to follow what I'm doing in NASDAQ with US 100. Okay? So, if you go on to Trading View, and this is being used, and I'm not suggesting that you should open up an account or trade with this brokerage firm, but Capital.com. Pull that up for the US 100 market. Okay, this is the CFD version of NASDAQ futures contract. It's not going to mark to market perfectly, but I'm going to show you here that it's doing the same things I'm teaching that the futures market is doing. So instead of complaining to me and leaving comments in in the sections of my video where I broom you, I make you invisible to the channel. That means I'm never going to see your comment anymore. Listen to me here, okay? Because your time with me learning will be greatly increased and be much more fruitful if you listen to what I'm going to say. Daily chart of the US 100. Okay, same thing happening here. This is TGIF. Same thing high and low half 40% 20%. it had that much of a retracement. But more specifically first presented fair value gap it trades up into it there hits the quadrants consequent encouragement sells off the upper quadrant of Thursday's regular trading hours opening range gap regular trading hours opening range gap high let's go encroachment lower quadrant and the low of the regular trading hours opening range gap low and how am I getting those levels on US 100. Think about it. Pause the video and think about how I got those levels because there is no regular trading hours for a CFD. I already taught this before, but you just didn't listen. You don't listen. You don't you don't take notes. You're so worried about what I'm going to teach new. But the things I'm jawbing about, that's the stuff where you're really learning. What you're doing is you're going to be going into 4:14 p.m. Eastern time where that price is, annotate that with a line segment like this one here, the ray, and then label that river trading hours closing price for whatever day it is. Okay? And when you're creating it, you're creating it for the next trading day. So, if you're looking at it on 4:14 p.m. Eastern time on a Wednesday, you're looking at a Thursday opening range level. That's how you're going to define it. And then you're going to wait until 9:30 Eastern time the next morning. And when it opens up, that's your other reference point. So, between those two reference points, that's going to be your regular trading hours, opening range gap, high and low. There won't be a gap. You're just simply just going to the one minute candlestick for 9:30 a.m. Eastern time and 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. And you're going to get the same information that I'm showing you here. And it's the same thing that I'm teaching with the futures market. Why are you complicating everything? And you can see how we delivered down into the upper quadrant just like I did in the futures market. Calling it on uh X on Friday afternoon. We traded down into the upper quadrant of the buy side balance sellside sign efficiency and then it came right back off that and trading right near the regular trading hours opening range gap low from Thursday's trading. Don't just discard the previous days opening range gaps. You're going to see that then algorithm is still using them. And because this is going to track the real futures market, where is it going to get its, you know, rhyme and reason for where it's going to go up and down? what that futures market's doing. All right, folks. That's it for this one. Hope you found it insightful. Until talk to you next time, I wish you good luck and good trading.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: ICT Forex & Futures Market Review October 3, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxot6S73Lvs
================================================================================

Good morning, folks. Welcome back. Hope you're all doing well. Uh for the folks in Telegram, uh I'm going to start off by doing a little housekeeping here. I got a lot of comments sent to me asking me for the ongoing commentary or any kind of charts or whatnot to post that through X or what was formerly known as Twitter. And the reason why it's better on Twitter and I agree in this regard is because X or or Twitter allows you to translate and Telegram doesn't easily do that. I think there are things out there that help do that, but it's so cumbersome and so much of a challenge for me as a content creator to help facilitate that need from everyone all around the world. So, it's much easier for me to just post my commentary. If it's, you know, if it's live and I'm not doing a live stream, it's better for me to just post it right on X. So that way everyone that's following me on X, they can hit the little translate uh function that X so graciously allows for. Um the posts that I make in the Telegram are primarily focused just on the PDF and the notes. Okay. Um I have been distracted with preparing for a road trip and getting my house ready for my oldest to take care of my little ones, my pups while we're gone. And that's that's causing me to, you know, have a lapse in focus and concentration. So that's the reason why you haven't got anything. But yesterday I did some live posting on X. So that way you can get all your screenshots and such from that. That would be like the uh the consolation prize. For those that were waiting for things that appear in Telegram, uh these charts will appear in Telegram shortly after it posts on YouTube this morning. And then uh tonight I'll do another roundup of uh what the market did today. Uh no live commentary on X. I like I said I have lots of things I got to take care of before I head out. So any let's get this ball rolling here. Appreciate the uh patience while I get through that bit of business. And a lot of you know like to go and run your mouth about how I don't get right to the point I talk too much. If I don't talk enough, you won't learn. So this is the uh focus on forex portion of it where we look at the usual suspects dollar euro dollar and cable pound dollar. All right, I'm going to go through this rather uh briefly so that way we can get through it. Left hand side as always dollar chart is the daily and the right hand dollar chart is the five-minute chart. So I have the B cell side efficiency annotated in here and the last three days have been pretty much a nothing burger. Uh we had a little bit of a run in here and I'll explain why that took place. And before I go any further now on that remark, uh hopefully I've earned for the new viewers that don't know me, um when I talk about things in retrospect or if I look at it in teaching means of communicating this is why price reacted this way and it's in hindsight. Um I'm the one that went out there this week and told you the very low of the day on NQ like right as it was happening. I gave you every level and everything. So, um, and told you it was going to go to an all-time high. Hint, hint, nudge, nudge. So, uh, anyway, I I've earned it. And if you don't believe that, if you don't agree, then move along cuz I don't have time for people like that. You're either luke, you know, lukewarm and we spit you out or you're on fire and you want to learn here. That's how it works. So, the last three days, it's been pretty much uh, nothing except for this little price run in here. And you can see that we traded down into consequent encroachment which is the midpoint of this buy side balance sell sign efficiency fair value gap. Okay. And we dug deeper into this order block which is a daily chart PD array. But I want to bring some more things into focus. I want to show you by grading the inefficiency of this basalance efficiency. You can see it came right down into lower quadrant. You see that? That comes in at 9752.6 six right in here. Okay. And then we had that rally that took out relative equal highs and buy side. Continuing on, if you used the discount wick here like a gap and we grade those as well, you can see that we came down to that also. And here is where you blend both of those concepts together. The inefficiency of the daily fair value gap is in and of itself wonderful. But if you have a wick like this, okay, that goes and travels towards the lower end, either touches it or maybe even go just below it a little bit outside the range, which is permissible because the wicks are allowed to do the damage and the bodies will keep the narrative underway. That way you you'll follow the narrative of price action more accurately if you follow just the bodies printing. And the wicks are just you know the worst case scenario your stock gets tagged or the best case scenario you take someone else's stop and enter there. Okay. So that's the story behind a wick. The legend of the wick the uh discount wick on this one here. Why am I why am I picking this one? Why am I not talking about this one? Why am I not talking about that one? Because this one is the most elongated to the downside. That means it's the longest one and it also meets the criteria of trading back to the low of this bullish fair value gap. So there's a rhyme and reason as to why I picked certain candlesticks. It's not willy-nilly and not cherrypicking. Okay? But if you do that in concert with the buy sell efficiency fair value gap, you get perfection, baby. Don't believe me? Look at your dollar chart and you'll see that the low of that tick right there is exactly 97522 which is the lower quadrant of that discount wick. Turned on a dime and then rallied consolidated around the consequent encroachment of the fair value gap from the daily chart. Rallied up and where where' it go up into here? This is a mystery, right? Mysteries call Scooby-Doo and the gang. Okay. Well, here they go. You have the sell side of bounce by side efficiency, right? Yes. But more specifically, it's a suspension block. I already see people out there sharing things with me and other people already. They're talking about here, look at this move here I did with the suspension block. And they're anchoring to a candlestick that has absolutely nothing to do with a suspension block. Okay, the candle has to have a volume of bounce at the high end of it and it has to have a volume of bounce at the low end of it. And we annotate the volume bounce low to volume and balance high. We do not use the wicks in between. Then if you do that just by the volume of balance high and the volume of bounce low, you're getting the suspension block the range and you can grade that. And if there's an inefficiency between the two wicks, clearly you can use that. But for suspension block annotations and for that narrative, we're using the principles I'm showing you here. That's my ICT suspension block. If anybody's showing you examples where the candlestick they're anchoring to doesn't have a volume of bounce on both sides and they're not anchored on the lowest of the volume of bounce on the low end and the highest portion of the volume of bounce on the high end, it is not being annotated correctly and they are talking out their rear end. Okay. I understand y'all want to run out there and start using something you don't even know. Okay? Just like when I was teaching martial arts or I show a magic trick to somebody. They automatically want to go out and think they can do it themselves and they end up hurting themselves or hurt their pride. So just settle down because you haven't learned anything about it yet. I just introduced it. But this is a suspension block. It's a pre premium PDA because price was down here and rallied up down from where? Lower quadrant of the discount wick on the daily chart here up into this range. So if this suspension block is graded, you can see getting up into the upper quadrant. That's this right here. So we wick up into it and we drop back down and we go into no man's land where there's no reason for price to be traded to in between inefficiency by the suspension block on the daily chart and the fair value gap on the daily chart. And that was the rhyme reason as to why it did what it did here. Now, obviously, you would expect when we go over to Euro dollar and cable, there's going to be a short, which would be a mirror image of all this business down here. And as you would see here, we have a sell center balance by side efficiency on the Euro dollar daily chart on the left. The market rallies up here a couple days ago and when it trades up into this five minute chart, okay, it trades to 1 1755. It's in the bottom area of this cell balance by sign efficiency. Okay, this grading in here affords us this look right there on Wednesday's trading. That's this rally up here. Now, I anchored a fib from the high down to that low. So, this is point A, point B. If you use a standard deviation on your fib of positive2, you'll get 1.16 892. That's point C. Okay, that's a swing projection. I teach this in the 2016 2017 paid mentorship content that I've uploaded for free. You can find the playlists on my YouTube channel, Inner Circle Trader. And we also have The body's pretty much nailing that and the errant price action is afforded to us by seeing this drop down into September 11th, 2025's daily discount wick. Upper quadrant, that's this candle here. That's September 11th's discount wick. The purple line right there, that's the upper quadrant at 1.16861. And that's what you're seeing here. That's what's being delivered there. And then we had that reaction up into the old order flow. So from this jump street, we drop down. This vid was a moment that would have been otherwise a breakaway gap annotated. There we have inversion fair value gap close candlestick right there. And we went below it, came back up, stayed in the lower half, which is ideal inside of a small little bearish fair value gap as well. sells off, breaks the low, and we have all this redelivery back and forth with these wicks back and forth. So, this discount wick, we grade that. So, when price is below it, it's going to act as a premium array. It stops right here after wicking through it, but it stops right here at the consequent encroachment, but the bodies, look at the bodies. See, it's telling you the narrative. It's staying in the lower half of this discount wick that's going to act as a premium array. But more specifically, the bodies are staying at the lower quadrant. That is indicative of strength or weakness. Weakness. And the market falls out of bed. One more time. The body's respecting the low of that wick. Breaks lower order block mean threshold hits it beautifully. And then we have the market trade down into the targets I've given you here. Moving on into pound dollar. Uh this one's very similar. Uh we had an old inefficiency up here creating the premium wick there. Price trades up into consequent encroachment of that premium wick right there. So point A, point B, point C. If dollar is going to go higher, then we're going to be looking for the opposite in cable and fiber. And cable is pound dollar. Fiber is Euro dollar. The market drops down. breakaway gap institutional orderflow entry drill, which is just entering an old inefficiency just by a little bit by one fraction, maybe one or two ticks above the framework that would constitute a bearish fair value gap. And then we drop lower. We have an inversion fair value gap there. And we also have a premium wick that's created here. So look how it's staying in the lower quadrant of that respecting the halfway point of that wick and it's inversion pair value gap it's staying at the consequent encroachment of that that dotted line. So the market breaks lower. You want to look at this area in here on your own charts. We break lower crane all the way down into point C and that comes in at this premium wick. Now why am I picking this one? Why can't I use this one? Well, you could have when price was starting to drop down. You would be using that. But also, if it keeps dropping lower, this area here, it's below what would be in this candlestick, right? So, you'd be referring back to that same range as well because it's treated just like a gap. So, you grade that as well and price trades down to the lower quadrant beautifully and it agrees with the swing projection down here. So just a really nice little drop here for cable. Otherwise, this this week in forex has been pretty much a nothing burger. I mean to me this is the only thing that's been noteworthy. All right, we are in focusing on index futures and the usual suspect is the Christmas mini NASDAQ futures contract. All right, daily chart lefth hand side. uh this premium wick that's what's being highlighted with these gradient levels here with the fib and you can see that down here I started the live session live stream on YouTube um I talked about all these things live so everything I'm going to talk about here except for the PM session because I wasn't with you in the PM session everything in the morning session I gave you live as it was happening explaining it talking to you um actually I said YouTube didn't I meant to say X I was posting things on X. So, I just made a mistake there. The um intermediate term sellside liquidity pool is underneath this low and below the gradient level of this and it's anchored to the order block that's here. There's a huge down close series of candlesticks. That is a bullish order block and change in the state of delivery. So, that price is the open. You extend that forward. That's what this blue line is over here. That's the bullish order block. Okay? So, we trade down into the gradient levels of that premium wick on the daily chart and you can see how it's being respected there and then rallied up. Now, what caused this? Now, I'm going to say something and I know some of you people just simply won't believe this, okay? But I was literally minutes away from going on X and posting that if you're long, you want to be taking that off now and prepare for Thursday's effect where the market tends to have well when it's been going up, it likes to create these false highs and it can start to pull back. So the government shut down right now in the US and as far as I'm concerned, they haven't been working for decades. So they should get their pay held as well. But the point is, it drops precipitously. And I wish I would have had the time to get on X and do this because then I would have really look like a lot a rockstar. But it is what it is. Just take my word for it. I was going to do it, but I didn't find my way to get to X in time to post it. And it moved too fast for me to mention it in in this area here because it just was too quick and dropping down into the order block. And then we started meandering around here. So we'll go into the one minute charts and these will look familiar because this is what I was posting on X. Okay. And here's the regular trading hours opening price that starts the opening range high. Why is at the high? It's because we closed previous days regular trading hours here at this price. And you can see the annotation there. And this is a full gap closure and the intermediate term sellside liquidity was never taken. So that is bullish or bearish. Bullish. And then we may entered up back into this sell side of balance buy sign efficiency. And I'm certain that some of you wanted to know why I annotated that one. Why did I annotate this particular sell side of balance by side efficiency and labeled it an inversion fair value gap and say not this one. Okay. Well, it's because we had the straight run right from the opening down to here. We created a short-term low and then we rally back up into this gap. So, that's a fair value gap. That's bearish. And then it sells off again and creates a lower low. Whenever you see market structure create a low with a lower low, if there's an imbalance in there, there's a huge probability that's going to become an inversion fair value gap. It doesn't mean it's going to happen immediately, but it means that you need to be aware of that one because there's a structural run on liquidity where it drops, comes back a little bit, and runs a lower low. Anyone that was trying to catch a low here or a bottom, they get, you know, slaughtered. But that inefficiency, that run down there is going to behave many times in the future as a inversion fair value. In the book, I'll give you more details. I don't want to give everything out here right now because everybody's lally taking notes right now and they're just throwing AI books together and putting them on um Amazon. And it's just I think it's cute that they're all trying to, you know, talk like and pretend they know what I'm talking about. They don't. Okay. But uh their book sales are going to suffer soon. But the the market uses this range here after it hits the full complete gap closure comes back up to consequent encroachment of it full gap closure and then drops down into an order block here. And I said this is where we're at the line in the sand where either we run for intermediate turn by side and if it's going to go there what's resting above that first presented fair value gap. Okay. And on X, I mentioned that some of you may look at this one here and call that first presented fair value gap. It is a fair value gap, but when I like to look for the specifics around trading with the narrative of first presented fair value gap, I want to look for the first one that has the very clear distinction between something like that, which is very small. It's only like a tick, a couple ticks, rather, handful of ticks, and then you have a couple handles here. That's much more prominent. It's much more obvious. It's a more um visual displacement in price action versus small little tiny separations which is a common gap. This is not a common gap. This is first presented displacement by definition first presented very bad gap. Okay. So why is this intermediate term buyside? Because it's the buy side above this whole bit of business retracing higher and then went and made a lower low closing the the entire opening range gap. So the liquidity that's resting above these relative equal highs, that's intermediate term. These are minor because it's inside this price leg that made the lower low at closing that opening range gap. So it's all structure related in terms of classifying market structure, highs, lows, interm highs, interterm lows, short-term highs, short-term lows. It's that kind of thing. I I teach this also in the paid mentorship playlists. go on the 2016 2017 playlist and look for the individual videos and you'll see things being taught about market structure. So minor buy side that's going to be drawn but it goes right back up to regular trading hours consequent encroachment then back down into this sell side of bounce by side efficiency that's going to act as a inversion for everybody got we have a wick that drops down in here we'll get into what that is and why it did this and also that one but it's trading essentially around the consequent cor from that old sellside uh imbalance buy sign efficiency which is bearish usually when price is below it and comes up to But we labeled it. I I labeled it rather and told you it's going to act as inversion and take us up into first resp. I stated back here where it was lying in the sand where it could go either way. And I told you the side I thought it was going to go. Okay. So for the trolls that like to take things out of context, take little sound bites and share it amongst their circle jerks. Um I did say I wanted to go up take the intermittent turn by side and go to first presented fair value. And then I took my break for lunch. The market uses this inefficiency those levels and projecting that through price action. You can see how we hit the low. Let's close that candlestick rallied up. CBI later turns inversion fair gap. That's bullish. drops back down to lower quadrant of this candlestick's premium wick. Upper quadrant starts to rally. We drop down into regular trading hours, lower quadrant and the high of that candlesticks premium wick. That's what this was doing. And it was also just coloring outside after I mentioned publicly this is going to be an inversion fair value gap. You know, the boys up here in uh Sammy just a little coloring outside the lines trip you up. The bodies are doing what? Staying above the upper quadrant. See that? This line here, the gray line, this line here, that's grading this inefficiency. So, you can see the bodies are telling you what's it want to do. It doesn't want to go lower. It's indicating that it's not wanting to go lower. Why? Because the narrative is being displayed in the bodies of the candlesticks. Okay? And now we're looking at this premium wick. Okay? Okay, so these levels here are now being shown here and you can still see the lower quadrant of that one. So either one, if you would to use this one or this one. Why this one and not this one? Look at the highs on your chart. This one's lower than this one. So this is the higher candlestick premium wick. Market drops down perfectly to the tick to lower quadrant if you're using that one. So you can see my concept still works when you're grading premium wicks and discount wicks from the daily chart or any time frame for that matter because it's not universally um limited to just daily chart only. It's every time frame. And by having these on your chart, it's like a spiderweb. You're going to catch a fly. You're going to But you have to use other things in in concert with it. Like there's a fair value gap right here and a bullish inversion fair value gap there. Or look at that as venom at a lower quadrant of that premium wick. You see how many times I can build the model right in front of you just by a small little sample set of things. And notice how my things are agree whereas retail logic you're not going to get a bowlinger band. You're not going to get a stocastic divergence. You're not going to get a MACD crossover. You're not going to get willy-nilly ichimoku. They're not all going to agree. Pitchforks aren't going to agree with all that stuff at the same time. Elliot Wave ain't going to agree with it all the time. Supply and demand ain't going to always agree with it. White COVID isn't going to agree with it. So, that's the problem with retail. See, my stuff fits together like perfect puzzle pieces. And none of them are isolated. They all agree on the same thing. It's building blocks that's going to lead us back to the promised land of that first presented airbag gap above intermediate term buyside liquidity as I called for on X live in front of you real time before it happened. And you can see all the building blocks leading up into now you get the little errant price action down here. That's this one over here. It just colors outside the line just a little bit but it's reaching into the regular trading hours lower quadrant. the opening range gap and the high of that premium wick and just outside of the inversion fair value gap I called for. So anyone watching that they probably were tickled. They're like I think these wrong. I can't wait to tweet to him and say you did it wrong. It doesn't work. But it worked though, didn't it? Cuz it fits things I teach. The wicks are allowed to color outside that. It's absolutely permissible. But when it is full on a bold down close candle, it looks scary. It's terrifying. If you're in there looking for something to go long or if you're long and you rolled your stop loss just below the inversion fair value you got. Never, never, never do that until it breaks structure and leaving it. What would that look like? We have all these little short-term highs in here. We have the market dropping down from this high down to that low in here when we left the inversion fair value gap. There's nothing taking out that short-term high yet. It does. So there. Then if you're long from down here, then you can roll your stop loss below intermediate term or inversion fair gaps. You're trailing it with intermediate term market structure swing points. And I I cover a lot of that stuff in the books. You'll see stop loss pl placement stuff in the books. There's literally several chapters where I'll talk about it. But um the buy side balance sell side efficiency here fair gap we trade to the upper quadrant that it rallies up. Here's a measuring gap another um I don't think I have enough space in here to annotate that bullish inefficiency. It trades down into that as well. Rallies up. Then we have a suspension block bullish. The volume bounced to the top and bottom. Note that on your own chart. Same thing here. Bullish suspension block. But um volume of bounce above and below. And whenever we see this, it doesn't matter if there's a wick that came above and closed over top of that range that creates the suspension block. I will still use that. Suspension blocks are isolated candlesticks that really represent a point at which the algorithm will come back into it. Okay? And I'll teach what that is at a later time that's causing it. But for right now, just get used to seeing them on my charts as I present them. We have minor sellside liquidity, relative equal lows here after reaching up into the first percent of your bag that I shared with you as it happened. So random. And if you watched it live, it was real quick. goes down here and all of a sudden it just ram just in one tick it did this whole run right here which was wild very very satisfying as an ICT mentor the man so we drop down into the bullish suspension block here and that old intermediate term bside liquidity pool that's what's happening here and then we rip up into it one more time trade into the upper quadrant of the open range gap so two times it hits it here and you know that's pretty much the business for NQ. Um, I had a lot of fun sharing yesterday on X. Um, I had some people I had to broom literally denying what I was showing real time as it was happening to the tick. And I, like I said, I have no time for you if you do on that stuff. You if you're if other people are talking about me, you know, whatever. Let them talk about me. Just keep score, okay? I promise you, I don't need to talk about them. I don't need to talk about them. I don't need to talk about what they can't do, what they've never been able to do, what they can't prove. I don't need to do all that stuff. Just watch them. You will know me and them by my fruit and their fruit. Period. I don't need to be out here to be toxic, okay? You I can have fun with y'all. And nobody needs to be beat up by me, okay? And nobody's beating me up. So that's the business. All right, folks. That's it for this one. I hope you found it insightful. Thank you for your continuations and I will talk to you when I talk to you. Can't promise when that's going to be, but until I talk to you then, wish you good luck and good trading.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: ICT NQ Futures Tape Reader Session \ October 1, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aa16ZQQfBOQ
================================================================================

All right. This thing is wrestling with me today. So, I I think I believe that I have everything as it should be. So, uh you'll let me know obviously on X if the audio is good. Give me a 5x5. It's good for the audio. And if you can see the chart clear, this uh let me all clear. Thank you, Pamela. Now, I need to know if you can hear me. Getting anybody telling me they can hear me yet. That's not good. You can play with your toys right now. I think it's awesome. All right. So, is the volume good? So, I I I don't want to have to uh field any complaints in the comments to me on X about how they can't hear me cuz all the settings are up. I have a professional microphone. Everything is as it should be. So, you need to turn your device volume up. All right. So, let's get over here to the chart real quick. All right. So, first and foremost, obviously, you know, the things I'm going to talk about today you know the drill. It's it's not meant to get you into a trade. I'm not inspiring you to buy or sell today. If you are a trader that may view what I'm going to talk about today as distracting and you want to focus on your trades, it's better for you to come back to this after you've done your trading, okay? I don't want to influence you. I don't want to have any kind of influence that would uh make you see something that you may be not find interesting or a setup for your particular model. So, this is the part where you do due diligence on your own and and own the responsibility of your own actions. So, everything I'm saying here is my opinion. Nothing is meant to be investment advice, no trade advice, no here's a buy sell uh signal or sell setup, nothing like that, okay? All we're doing is going over number one, the first 10 minutes is going to be this quick brief little thing about how you can go right into this with a fresh start, not trying to have every ICT thing in the repertoire. Just simply going in and how do you take rate? How do you watch price action looking for certain things? If you're brand new to what it is that I teach, uh this is like the crash course today, right to the point. Um I will stay with you about 10 minutes after 10 simply because there's a news driver coming out, manufacturing PMI at 10:00 a.m. Eastern time. So, I'll I'll be a part of the observation of that with you. But at 10:10, I'll cut the stream and then you all can go over there to X and say you didn't learn anything. >> [laughter] >> All right. So, on the left-hand side, we have the daily chart um the E-mini Nasdaq December contract or as we call it in the industry, Christmas contract or Christmas NQ or Nasdaq. And on the right-hand side is a 1-minute chart. Now, if you notice in the lower right-hand corner, I have it set to electronic trading hours, okay? I'm going to toggle to regular trading hours. And I want you to take a look at Here we have Tuesday, yesterday, regular trading hours, close. In other words, where you would see the of like day session hours and then it would resume trading still with electronic trading hours. But you're not seeing anything past this on this perspective until at 9:30, wherever we open up, then there'll be a new price bar uh price chart or bar start populating the chart. Right now, I have it toggle where it's not being shown. So, now if I do that, that's my regular trading hours opening range high. The way you create that, I promise you we're only going to go a couple minutes like this and then we're going to be watching price action. But I just want to have something out here on the channel so that way you can watch the price action without me. And then come back and watch my stream later on as a recording and see how well you did, okay? But today it's just like a an entry-level, this is how you set your chart up with next to no understanding about what it is I teach or if you never went through it. This is how you can go and start observing, okay? And collecting the information and data. What you're going to do is you're going to line segment horizontal ray and you find the 4:14 p.m. Always set your chart to New York time. And just drop that here for a second. Right here. Scroll up where it says New York. I don't care where you live, your chart has to be set to that. Everything else will be germane to that. But if you don't have that correctly, everything that I teach or talk about or if you're going to think of the market algorithmically, you're not going to be on time. Okay? So, you need to have it set to New York. Now, with that out of the way, you would take the horizontal right ray and just drop it right on the close of that last candle. And you always want to double-check cuz like me, I have 53-year-old eyes. It's feeling like they're 100 years old now. You want to make sure you're dropping it right on the close. Okay? And that's what I've done here. And then once you have that line segment on it, just do a a double-click on it and then you add regular trading hours RTH space opening range high. Now, the reason why I have that high is cuz pre-session, in other words, before 9:30, we're trading. If you look at what we have over here on the daily chart, it's telling you where the market is at market right now trading electronic hours. So, it's moving around right now, but notice that the regular trading hours chart is not moving around. Okay? It's static. It stopped right where it ended at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time yesterday. They're still trading NQ, but this perspective is day session day session hours, okay? Or what used to be open outcry pit time. They don't have that anymore. So, it's just keeping tabs on price this perspective so that way we can see the disparity of where we open up at 9:30 Eastern time in about 11 and 1/2 minutes. We're closing yesterday at 8:58.25. That's higher than we're trading right now. See that? See the price is at 7 8 4 and a quarter. It's 8 4 and 50. 85 and and 3/4, 86 even. 85 even. So, it's trading around. But that price is lower than where we closed yesterday. So, what I like to do a couple minutes before the opening session, if I'm teaching my son, I will do this. I will annotate the chart regular trading hours opening range high. What this essentially is is one end of the range of the opening range gap. Assuming that we don't hurt them close the gap and trade back to 858 before 9:30, okay? So, it's calling the market to open at a discount. That means it's going to open less than where we closed previous trading day, which was Tuesday, using regular trading hours down here on the right-hand side. Now, if you're brand new, it's probably very very confusing, but I promise you it's not that complicated. It's very simple. But if you don't have your charts showing you the disparity between where we closed in regular trading hours the previous trading day versus where we start trading at 9:30 on the new trading day, at 9:30 Eastern time, that starts the regular trading hours all over again. And then it stops at 4:15. So, the last print will show on a 1-minute chart as 4:14. See at the bottom of the chart right here? Look down here. Hover over top of that, it's 4:14 p.m. It's always Eastern time or New York local time. So, when you set your your line up the way you want it, you just drop it right on the close right here. And then it'll show up over here as a horizontal ray. I'll show you what I mean by that. See how this one over here, horizontal ray? Hover over top of that, right click on it, and then rename it. And it helps you keep your chart organized. So, that way you can do a whole week's worth of annotations, and if you don't want something on your chart at the time, you can just go over top of the little eyeball and tap that, it'll disappear, but it's still there for you to grab again. See that? So, it's real easy to keep everything organized. And now also, I feel like Mr. Rogers teaching today. The new week, I'm sorry, the new day opening gap high for Wednesday's trading, which is going to be determined by the close at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time Tuesday and the Tuesday 6:00 p.m. electronic trading hours restart time. So, there's a There's 1-hour difference between that last print at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time and 6:00 p.m. Eastern time. We call that the new day opening gap. And I have this toggle to high, so I'm going to put that on the chart here, and then the the low. Now, it's showing on a regular trading hours chart, so we're going to toggle over to electronic trading hours, and I'll let you see real quick where this is at. It's right there. We're only using a couple things today, okay? Just to read price. So, this is the last print at 4:59 p.m. on Tuesday, and then at 6:00 it opens up up here. See that? So, there's an hour difference between this candle and that candle. Technically, it's an hour and 1 minute, but it's showing you the last print because 5:00 there is no trading, so it's not going to show you a print at 5:00. So, last print's going to be 4:59, as you see down here in in the bottom of the chart. So, you want to note that with a horizontal ray. And then where we opened at 6:00, that's If it's higher than where we closed, then this is the high and that's the low. Then you have a premium new day opening gap. Now, what's the benefit of having that? If you look at the uh the new week, I'm sorry, new day opening gap, it's above us right now. And I like these relative equal highs. So, I'm I'm watching this today, this morning with you. I've moved these around here. Now, I'm used to grabbing it in a certain order, and it's not the way I usually have it. So, here is a minor buy side. So, I'll write minor buy side liquidity. And all I'm doing is showing you exactly how I teach my kids. I don't do anything, you know, crazy, I don't do anything extra complicated. And that's not right. Top left and blue. And the text is usually 14. Okay? So, now think about what we have here. We have regular trading hours opening range high, which is where we closed regular trading hours yesterday at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. We're below that. We're below new day opening gap. And we have minor buy side up here. So, we already out the gate, we have three things going in our favor where it could likely push higher to explore and probe reaching for buy side liquidity. It does not mean it cannot drop. It can. But I start the day off with expectation of where can it reach to? Cuz if you're going to start learning how to read the tape before you even trade, before you ever put any uh risk on ever, you need to know what you're looking at, what you're studying, why should the market behave a certain way. And without having at least the baseline of, you know, certain basic principles of where the market will be drawn to. Where's it likely to be pulled into for liquidity? There's orders, and then there's inefficiencies where the market will book price in that particular range because it hadn't spent enough time sufficiently offering buy side and sell side delivery. That's not liquidity, it's it's passing through a predetermined range. And I'll explain that in a couple minutes, but right now I want to show you also the Monday Tuesday regular trading hours opening range gap. We'll highlight that on the chart, too. And that is going to be seen here. Well, I'm dealing with going over the last 3 days or so, okay? Here is Monday's regular trading hours close at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. So, it's highlighted right there, and then we opened at what? 9:30 a.m. So, this is regular trading hours opening range gap. So, that's This is measuring the difference or disparity between where we closed yesterday at 4:15 p.m. Eastern time and where we reopen for regular trading hours at 9:30 Eastern time in the morning. So, between those two times, electronic trading hours is is taking place with the exception of the small window of 1 hour between 5:00 p.m. Eastern time and 6:00 p.m. Eastern time, okay? And real quick, I'll let you see what this has done. You can see the reaction here, pre-session. I'm sorry, not pre-session. The uh electronic trading hours, go here. You can see the reaction there, there, and again, it's above us as well, okay? So, Friday to Monday regular trading hours quadrants, we'll show that in a second, but right now I'm going to add that. So, what this is doing is showing the entirety of the separation, which was a huge gap in regular trading hours for Friday's close to where we opened up Monday morning at 9:30. Here's Friday, let me zoom in a little bit better. So, here's Friday's last print on regular trading hours at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time, and then here's 9:30 opening on Monday. So, that difference there. Now, I'm going to showcase the quadrant levels. Now, I didn't put the midpoint or consequent quotient level cuz I'm using the label to draw my focus to where half of that would be. Because if I put the um the 50% level on the fib, it makes this where you can't read it, okay? So, I just eyeball the midpoint, and I tell myself to just suffer through it. So, we have electronic trading hours again, and we're going to go back to this. And you can see how that pretty pretty well gives us the midpoint or consequent quotient of the gaps midpoint between Friday and Monday's opening. So, Friday close regular trading hours, Monday regular trading hours open. That's the opening range gap, or what we call RTHORG. It's a whole lot of stuff, I know. But we have several things that could potentially give us reason to go up here. Now, have you got looking at the economic calendar, which I don't have a I don't have a uh browser open to to be able to open it and share it with you on the stream, but I use Econoday calendar, and I use Forex Factory's calendar, okay? Uh either one's good. And one isn't any better than the other. Whatever one you like, whatever, you know, presentation style they use, whatever one you like, use that. You'll notice today at 10:00 we have a red folder or a high impact news driver in the form of ISM Manufacturing PMI. Okay, so I hope I I hope I'm calling it right. I I believe I didn't write it down, but I believe looking at it before I started the stream, that's what we have at 10:00, okay? So, that might be the the fuel, if you will, that injects the volatility in the marketplace to send us up into exploring any of these things up here. It need not Here's Here's the real important thing, okay? When you're first starting out, the first thing you want to do is give yourself permission to be wrong. Don't expect We're opening at 9:30 now. Don't expect to be right. Don't expect to know everything that's going to happen next. You don't know that, okay? And for you to expect it, it's just build you up. Notice these uh relative equal highs here, too. That Don't build up expectation that you have to be perfect, okay? Watching myself, watching my students, watching other traders do very, very well, um it makes you feel like you want to go out there and do something right now and and be a part of the gang, right? Be a part of the the crew that does, you know, really well. In the beginning, it's unrealistic and unreasonable for you to feel that way. Okay? Uh notice that we're trading at the low of the Friday to Monday opening range gap. We're trading right down here. And we just took that short-term low out right there. See that? Notice this little reaction here. It doesn't mean it's going to go straight up, but I like to see these sides of things. These are encouraging for when you're watching the tape and when students are watching prices. This It's really nice to see it react that way. Minor buy side is here. And then you have a little bit more buy side here. And then we start going into the levels I gave you this morning. Now, without having the Monday um I'm sorry, the Friday to Monday opening range gap on your chart and not knowing that that level's down here, this would be a This would be completely invisible to you. You would never expect that. You would just see it, well, you know, it broke support cuz classic support resistance guys see that. So, it went down here and went up before. So, therefore, you know, if it does that, but then it went through it, that's going to scare them. They're not going to want to take a long there. But that's not what we do. We're looking for what? We're looking for the draw on liquidity to go to not just one thing, not one little um ICT gimmick or trick, okay? A PD array. We want several things to indicate to us that we have probabilities in our favor that the market's likely to pull in one direction over another. Now, if at any time you're ever watching price, I mean, widen this so you can see a little more busy bodies on these candles. I'm busy chopping it in already. The uh Remember this was buy side. I told you earlier. I got changed the annotation to the right now. You can see it. And I'll scrub over in a second, but right now I just want to finish my thought. You want several things. There's a buy side I told you. Uh right. I mean, just show it to you now cuz you're going to get mad if I don't. There's those highs I told you about, okay? And that's all I was doing yesterday. I said I saw some joker on uh X to say, "Well, you said clearly." And look, dude, don't take things out of context. I said very clearly, just like I look told you these levels here. Okay? We're going up. We're going into these levels. And what do we return back into here? The Monday Tuesday regular trading hours opening range gap. Right there. That in and of itself, you got two things you still delivered. If you had longed the market and did a soup long, in other words, buying below that low, right now, you could be offsetting some of that long position. Leaving something on as a runner in case you get up into the Wednesday new day opening gap or if it goes up into um the regular trading hours opening range gap high. Now, cuz I'm telling I teach so much over like uh price action, I I got to tell you this part. You want to do at the opening at 9:30, here's that candlestick right here. We're on electronic trading hours, okay? Here's the opening price. That's where we first printed at 9:30. In other words, regular trading hours started right there. I'm going to put it on the chart here, but I'm going to toggle to uh sorry, regular trading hours. See that See the difference where we were here and we opened all the way down here, right at that price. So, now what I'm doing is I'm going to take this off. I'm going to copy this one. Hold Hover over top of it until the little thing highlights. And then hold down the control button and then drag and you'll be able to copy whatever array wherever your annotation is at the time. And then now all you got to do is change that to low. So, now you completely for your journal, you completely um made the annotations perfect now. Now, here's what you can do also, but you want to be doing this not Don't be talking to yourself or listening to me or anyone else without having already done these things. Soon as you get the opening price, you want to annotate it and then draw your fib in degrade that. That's not right. There it is. Okay? And now I want to show consequent encroachment here, which is the 50% and I want that to be red. So, we opened down here and I teach algorithmically the market will go back to half of the opening range gap 70% of the time. Okay? What if you had the chance to win the lottery 70%? Like what if you had the the probabilities of 70% of the time when you buy a lottery ticket or you bet on a a a specific horse in a horse race or you went to the casino and you pulled the slot machine. What if you had 70% likelihood that you were going to be correct and win? Wouldn't it be amazing? That'd be an amazing uh testament to uh you luck, right? Well, luck doesn't exist, okay? You have to make your own luck, okay? And by having very simple little strategies, right to the point, okay? This is how I teach my kids. Knowing where the halfway point is right here. If it opens up down here, there's a 70% likelihood that the market's going to go up to this level here before or by 10:00 a.m. Eastern time. In other words, in 30 minutes, it's going to go there. You just watch it again. Now, if if you're brand new, you probably think I just cherry-picked that and this fluffed you all up because it did it in front of you. That's not the case. I have been teaching this for years. I have taught this principle. It's in video. It's in typed out comments on my X. It's It's something that has been taught extensively by me. Notice we traded up into the Wednesday new day opening gap low. Now, again, take something off, okay? Scale off. Scale off. If you don't know where these levels are beforehand, you are gambling with no luck. You have nothing in terms of probability in your favor. Zero. Now, I promise you, there is nobody on YouTube live streaming today that outline this this perfect. Okay? You're going to hear them out there barking, beating their chest, talking about disgusting things that they're doing in their vehicles, and talking about everybody in the industry, and talking about this, and talking about that while they're playing in their demo accounts, trying to get you to spend money so they can make more money and spend it in front of you and brag about it and make you feel stupid. But they ain't telling you this. They're never telling you this because they can't do this. There's nobody out there. Nobody out there that outlines it this perfectly. Right to the point. Right to the point. And I had to put that in there because it's just necessary. So, anyway, now we've had the market deliver like gangbusters right off the the PD array that I've already had in mind and showed to you. And the market hit it, ran up and drew up into the first buy side liquidity I told you about. The second one, which is Monday and Tuesday's regular trading hours opening range gap. The Wednesday new day opening gap, which is determined by 5:00 p.m. Eastern time and 6:00 p.m. Eastern time. And then I gave you quadrants on this Friday Monday this big gray area here. That's the lower quadrant. Halfway point is right here or consequent encroachment. The upper quadrant is here. And then here's the high of it. If you cut bait and say, "I'm done for today." and don't even expect or require it to go all the way back to this price here because that's with the exception of going to the high of uh Friday Monday's opening range gap high, which is this level here. That and then if it goes there and higher, the gap closure or gap fill is trading back to previous day's regular trading hours close because we opened down here and the market's drawn back up into it. So, what I want you to think about it is like this. Price stopped here and it opened right there. Let me get this. I don't want it to I don't want it to do that. And we'll do yellow. I don't really like yellow, but it it needs to be strong of a contrast. So, what you're seeing is essentially the market created this gap from where we stopped trading yesterday at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. Regular trading hours close and then regular trading hours open at 9:30 today this morning. Opened down here. So, there's a vacuum. There's an absence. There's a void. There's a um a complete and utter wasteland or empty canvas for price to paint all over and it's inside that yellow box. So, because it there's a vacuum, if you break the seal on a vacuum, okay? You ever see those commercials where they they try to get you to buy these space bags and you put your vacuum cleaner on it and it sucks the air out of it and you can compress sweaters and blankets and whatever. Man, I had to talk my wife out of that several times. I said, "Listen, we are not putting that garbage in our house, okay? I I I have big enough house. We can stack up stuff. We have rooms we can treat as big closets, okay? It's fine. We don't need to do stuff like that. But But, when you break that seal on a a vacuum sealed bag, what do you get? You get air completely goes right back into that that vacuum. There's no there's no abundance of air inside that bag. So, that's exactly what's happening here. That vacuum seal is broken and then price rushes right back in to fill this expanse of empty no price action. So, that's that's your first steps in knowing where the market's going to go at the open. There's going to be people out there, you're going to see them, they're in the industry, they got all these titles next to their name, they they probably write books, they probably been on CNBC, they probably, you know, love themselves more than I love myself, and they will tell you that you can't time the market. Nobody knows what the market's going to do next. Well, okay. Um I'm Mr. Nobody, okay? And I'm sitting down and I'm explaining to you in very elementary terms, very simple, how you can do this every single day. But, you're looking at 33 years of experience doing it. So, it looks real real easy in my hands. It was not easy in my hands when I first started. But, by doing these things and applying them gradually. Notice that I don't have the new week opening gap on here? Notice that? Notice that I don't have every other bell and whistle on the chart? All I'm doing is starting you at first step. This is like elementary school, it's kindergarten, okay? Baby pips has their whole little thing over there, where you know, they have preschool, uh kindergarten, first grade, all that you know, stuff. Here, this is kindergarten ICT. This is how this is how simple you can start. It need not be complex. It need not be complicated. I have never complicated anything, but what I have given you is an encyclopedia of smart money concepts that I've authored. Just because you have the whole compendium out there, doesn't mean you have to digest it all in one time or fast. You start with something simplistic. When can you sit down in front of the charts? Well, it makes sense that you sit down in front of it during the market session open. For instance, like this is New York open for equities trading the regular trading hours. You can trade Forex in the London session. You know, 1:00 in the morning to 5:00 a.m. Eastern time, okay? And the same types of principles occur over and over and over again there, but there just isn't a opening range gap in Forex because it's 24-hour trading. We have built-in advantages with futures because we have these lapses in trading. Now, I know some of you are going to want to type out, "I've been waiting for you to say that cuz now you just made me remember the question I want to ask you. What happens when they go to 24 hours?" Then it's going to get even easier. Simple. >> [laughter] >> I got weapons for that, too, okay? I believe me, I got weapons for that. But, for now, just know that your first priority as a as a student of price action, learning how to read price through the language I created in smart money concepts, simply knowing specific reference points. Now, if you would agree, and I promise I don't make any more money for this, but if you agree that this is simple, it's very very straight to the point, it's not complex, it's not complicated, and it's freaking perfect. It's precise. There's no ambiguity about it, there's no guessing about it. It's just you're building a narrative that why price should go a direction versus another direction. In other words, is it going to go up or is it going to go down? Cuz that's all we have to first consider. Is it likely to go up? Is it likely to go down? And you build the evidence to suggest one side over the other. My PD arrays are going to scream at you. Listen. Look at me. There's a whole lot of interest up here. When you have all these PD arrays where we're opening below it. So, where's it going to go? Up. Now, it does not mean at all that the market's going to continuously go up and have a, you know, an all-time high today. I mean, it can, but I'm not saying that here. I'm trying to get you to think about it in a a graduated mm approach, where you you take a reasonable amount of information that should not be, in my opinion, this should not be overwhelming. It can be a little complex for someone that's never done it before. You don't really understand what I'm doing here and what I've done, but I promise if you watch the recording again and think about what I've done in the past with my other lectures, you'll see that I've done nothing different here except for less talking and then just went right to it. You see the low of the session today right there, only by a tick off. Isn't that amazing? That's the that's the range between Friday and Monday's opening range gap. See, everybody else, everybody else, knows about gaps. You hear the adage, "Gaps like to get filled. Oh, mind the gap. Oh, guys got filling that. Oh, it's probably going to go to the gap. It's going to close the gap. It's going to close the gap." We already closed that gap. But, it's not done using it because there's an algorithm that refers right back to that price level. What price level? This level that I showed you. This level here, the lower quadrant of it, the midpoint of it, consequent encroachment, it's annotated with the the the label of the box. Then the upper quadrant here, and then the high of it. See, everybody has archaic principles. They know about gaps. And once a gap fills, they discard it. They throw it away. It's no longer useful. It's no longer salient to them. So, they're looking for the next thing to chase. Mm-mm-mm. No. No, no, no. See, that's this is the reason why I laugh at everybody, and my students that have been with me for a long time, they can do this in their own hands, too. They're laughing at everybody. As soon as somebody starts cracking their mouth about how this stuff is rebranded, you'll never find this ever ever ever before me talking about it. And I have to do these things because social media and AI is they're they're basically collecting opinions. Every time somebody tells something negative or positive about me or anyone else, the AIs will go out and they'll scour the consensus. It'll it'll cull, basically, a collection of both sides of of a narrative. And if the narrative is, "Did ICT create or author smart money concepts?" Okay? You'll hear people say it's Wyckoff. I've already I just destroyed that. They'll say it's supply and demand. We destroyed that, too. "Oh, he's rebranded this and rebranded that." You'll never see an old gap referred to it like me. Anything. Nobody's ever done it for me, ever. It's never been in print, it's never been in video, it's never been talked about, it's never been done. And the reason why I talk about it and I'm so verbose about it is because I know AI is keeping tabs on everybody. So, I always retort and correct these jacklegs because they're liars. They're liars, okay? And by having my side of the story, and I'm the one that I come out here and I'm doing it now in live stream, explaining it to you. And you wonder, "Oh, why he he did 30 trades with his demo account, with his 15 monitors or laptops, and he finally got one at the low, and that's the one he's going to show." I just showed you how to pick the low. Is that complex information? No. But, you're using stale data if you're going to ask somebody else. Stale data is not stale to me because it's pertinent. The market's going to use that information. It's going to use it. And if you don't know how to collect that information, then guess what? You're blind. And you don't want to be blind in these markets because it'll take you just like that. Now, where do you think the market wants to reach to now? It's already pulled back into three quarters of the the gap, which is that upper quadrant right here. There's liquidity resting right on here. Right below here. What's below that? That's sell side. So, your initial expectation would be try to see how far you can get up into half the gap, 70% likely it's going to go there, then three quarters of the gap. It does not need to fill that. Does not need to do that at all. And we're seeing the rotation lower with liquidity resting right below here. There's no sell side outside of that low. That's the only sell side in the marketplace, and it's tapped into it there. So, now it's probing, do we see a continuation lower? If it really starts to, you know, find, you know, some weight in it and keep going lower, and this stays open here, then that might be impactful for the PM session. Now, I'm not trying to give you too many things for one session cuz I told you I only want to be here for about an hour, but because there's an economic news driver coming out at 10:00, I want to be here so that way we can watch it live. But, let me get this uh rectangle off here. I I I was going to uh prompt you, and I said that by new putting a thumbs up on my video. And and I know there's like about 10 of you, 20 of you out there, cuz I always have like a 99.6 rating that's liked or thumbed up. Thumbs up. And I know some of you trolls don't want to believe that, but I can go in here in live stream and show you the the settings and the the stats that I'm at 99.6 loved uh or thumbs up type uh ratings on my videos. But, this is where we interact, okay? Now, you can do one or two things. If you're not on X, if you're not on Twitter, what used to be Twitter, um if you're not on that, then give the this live stream a thumbs up because that means what you're telling me is this was straight to the point. It was not complicated. I gave you the levels beforehand. I told you the direction we would be expecting beforehand. And it delivered perfectly. Perfectly. If you can't do this part here consistently, in other words, find one section of the marketplace where you're going to see an obvious price run. If you can't do this, you can't make money trading. You should never be trying to trade with these funded account companies trying to get lucky and do lottery wins, okay? Blowing accounts after accounts after accounts. If you can't expect to see where price is going to react and run. If you can't do this consistently, that doesn't mean learn how to do it this week and next week you're you're going to try to do it with, you know, funded accounts or live account. Don't don't think that. You need to do this for a couple months. And that right there, that right there caused a lot of you to turn off listening with common sense because that doesn't fit what you want. But listen to me. If you came here or if you're watching this as a recording and you want to learn you want to learn from somebody that knows exactly what's going on, over three decades, okay? I'm not going to come out here and fall on my face and look stupid. I'm not going to do that. I know what I'm doing. I'm I'm I'm on of the opinion that I have an authority that most of you don't have and never would. And your gurus and teachers don't either. If they did, they'd come out here and tell you this very precise type of thing. It's not ambiguous. It's very very very specific. And to the Yahoo I blocked yesterday, if it if it's so good then do it live or S H T F. >> [laughter] >> Well, here it is, Bubba. So, if you found this helpful in terms of a crash course, what do you do if you want to learn how to trade ICT? If you want to learn my smart money concepts, you want to do it correctly, the right way, right out of the horse's mouth, the source code is talking to you right now. If you thought that this was succinct and right to the point and it's not ambiguous, then give this live stream a thumbs up. If you're on X, do both. Let me know that you saw it live and that's an encouragement for me. And remember, I'm not getting paid to do this. That I'm not going to sell you a mentorship. I'm not going to be selling a course. I'm not asking you to, you know, send me cash. >> [laughter] >> I'm not doing live streams where you can go in there and chat up and say, "Here's 50 bucks. You know, get yourself a nice, you know, pair of underwear, you know, with the ICT logo on ICT. Get yourself a, you know, couple retail books, learn how to trade ICT." You know, I don't want anything from you. I I don't need anything from you. But I want you to know that there's a way of doing this. It's not hard. It's impossible if you try to put everything I've ever taught into a repertoire with no experience. And that's just went right over your head. I'll say it again slower in a different way. When you come to my work and you see the compendium that I've placed in the public's hands with 700 plus videos, that's a little intimidating. I got to admit that if I was starting out and the guy that was supposed to be, you know, the bee's knees in the industry, you know, everybody talks about him and wants to be like him and and the ones that can't stand me, you know, that want to have the the the influence I have, they're constantly talking about me. So, you want to be like that person as a young male. But then when you see all those videos and I would've been I would've been thinking the same thing. I'd be like, "Man, there's got to be an easier way." 700 videos? You don't have to watch all 700 videos. You don't have to do that. A lot of them is just me doing like this, just doing it. Recording videos, doing lectures over what I've done, trading here, trading there, trading with a live account. You guys saying, "Oh, he never trades a live account." I got videos out the yin yang on my YouTube channel I'm doing that. I go into my live account that's broker, uh regulated broker, showing you every single day's statistics. Live login. I I mean, I don't know why you guys pretend and lie like like I haven't done that before. I've done it, okay? So, you have somebody that loves teaching. I have the stuff that works. I have the stuff that everybody else is rebranding. And I don't lose interest in teaching. But you make the mistake when you come to me and you try to watch all those videos real fast like you can retain it. You can't. Just start with one playlist. And for the folks that are brand new, this is how you start. You simply grab a couple tools, a new day opening gap, the opening range gaps over the last three days, put them on your chart. And then look for relative equal highs. Where is it clean? Very very smooth edges. That's this level I told you here. On this time frame I got to go to electronic trading hours chart. That there is going to be the the confusion for most of you. When you're toggling back and forth with a brand new trader, it's a little confusing to know what you're looking at. And sometimes you'll mess it up. And to be honest with you, as a as a 40-year-old when I was trading a lot, um I would toggle back and forth between electronic trading hours and regular trading hours. And a few times I got disoriented and I took a trade based on something I thought I saw and I was thinking it was regular trading hours and it was not. It was electronic trading hours and it caused me to lose money. And it's going to happen to you. You're going to you're going to do human things like that. You're going to get disorganized or you're going to get distracted and you might think you're at regular trading hours and you're not, you're on electronic trading hours. Those types of things are going to creep in because we're human. Don't worry about that so much or have all these what if thinkings that's going to cause you to feel like it's too scary if I make a mistake, I can hurt myself because you're not trading with real money. So, these clean highs up here I mentioned how I like them earlier, right at the beginning of the stream. See that? And then once we ran the the sell side out below that low, now we're right back up to those same equal highs again. See that? So, both liquidity and the PD arrays I gave you, which are all these things up here, think of this as this collection of lines and and ranges I told you about. Think about that as a big magnet. Okay? A really big magnet. And think about every every 15-second candlestick. Think about that as a paper clip. Okay? And it starts down here. When you're dropping these paper clips underneath a magnet, a really strong magnet. And you you start spilling them out of a cup like this. They start spilling out of a cup and they start they initially start falling cuz of gravity, but eventually what happens? The magnetism, the field of of magnetic uh magnetism pulls what? Those paper clips up. They get raptured. >> [laughter] >> See they get sucked right back up into a level where the the field of magnetism is the strongest. And where's that going to be at? Technically, in the PD arrays that I showed you in the chart. Right? Up here. All these things. These are all This is like the magnet. And notice that Monday, Tuesday, regular trading hours, opening range gap, look where the bodies are really collecting right there. So, consequent encroachment on that range right there, I think is like the core like that's the big draw. Now, you see people that talk about like volume profile and I'll see point of control and those types of things. This is the real point of control. Okay? This is This is the real one, okay? This is it. And I'm telling you, you don't need level two data, you don't need volume bars posted horizontally here on your chart. It looks real cool. It makes you look real smart and scientific. But you don't need you don't need that, folks. You don't need that at all. Nothing. You don't need anything like that. You just need to know where can the market be drawn to next? Why should it be drawn there? And is it more than one reason for it to happen because the more things that you can stack in your favor, it becomes so overwhelmingly one-sided. We're getting ready to have news, so it was it was so one-sided, it's it's high probability. And that's what I'm getting at. So, now look at the daily chart over here. Okay? We came off these lows really hard. We came up, swiped that minor buy side of liquidity and now we're going to get the news reaction here. There's a portion of the opening range gap for today that's not closed. In other words, that's this level up here. This regular trading hours. Opening range high or yesterday's regular trading hours close. Well, that's uh It's a little bit of a lackluster reaction in it. So, we've had a low form in the first 2 minutes of trading. Rally up, pulls up into the levels I told you about. We came back down, took the sell-side liquidity resting below that low, hit that. Came right back up into the range, went back into that old liquidity pool, which is what I teach you to do. This is not support and resistance. You're going back to that level because it was an area where the algorithm Here's Here's where you write this stuff down. I have Yahoo's out there that say, "ICT is such a that he thinks there's a central one algorithm that it controls price." Yes. That I didn't stutter. But you have to think about how if you were going to code that algorithm how is price going to know where to go to next for liquidity? Because just like you see on level two data and depth of market and ladders and whatnot there can be spoofing. And spoofing is where someone with deep pockets can put like a block of 500 contracts that they want to buy above here. Okay? It'll sit there, but if they're not really wanting to buy that, when it starts trading getting close like that, they'll pull that order. It won't be there. So, they ghost that whole entire order. But they know a lot of you jack legs out there that believe in this religion of level two data. You'll see that and say, "Oh, wow, you know, there's a there's a buyer at 500 contracts." And you think they knew something you don't. And really what we're doing >> [laughter] >> is we're laying bait. Because we know retail traders like you are going to look at that and be enticed to do what? Think about it. What are you going to do? You're going to buy on a breakout. Okay? You're going to expect it to get up there. You'll buy it and hope it breaks through and keeps going higher. And And the difference between where it's at now where it's going to go if it goes up here and it trade where that 500 block was being spoofed. Spoofed is not really the intention of being filled at that price. They're just placing the Just like you can put an order in. You can put an order in to buy on a stop up here. Anybody can do that. But when they are being shown on level two data it's a form of manipulation. It entices other traders with less informed Well, psyche. They don't have They have They have no idea what to anticipate in price. They just want to look for bells and whistles and inside little edges. And because um depth of market, the DOM, not dome, DOM has all these little numbers flashing around, it feels like you're Batman and you have, you know, his his Batcave and you have all these little things blinking and all these things Wow, someone comes in your room, looks over your shoulder. Look at this person. Wow, you are really scientific. You must be really smart and brave brave to get out there and just take on the market like this. You got secret weapons, don't you? No. You're not NASA. You're not seeing They're not satellites you're tracking on there. Okay? You're literally being tricked. You're literally being tricked. You're being enticed baited to chase these big blocks. Uh I'm going to say something that's going to be shocking to you, but there's a lot of orders that never get shown there. It's a whole different market that you don't even know anything about, but I'm going to leave that for another discussion. Maybe Maybe a next space. But you don't need that stuff. And the algorithm doesn't need to know the actual number either. That's why I said baby baby pips days. I said, "The algorithm doesn't know where your stop is literally and it doesn't know where my stop is. It doesn't." It just knows where old highs are, where you're going to place that buy stop or where that old low is where you're going to place that sell stop. You see how easy it is for a coder to put the language in to go back to a reference point? Go back a number of periods. Okay, what is that period? Well referencing on a 1-minute chart that low here. When we were trading here, I said it's going to go down and hit the sell side there. Boom. Wait and see if it gets weighty as it get heavy. No, it comes right back in the range. It comes right back in one here and then sends us right back to that old buy-side liquidity What is it referencing here? This old high or highs right here. These are Asia highs. They're relatively clean levels. So, that that pro that prolonged period of consolidation where it's real smooth like that whenever it does that, you're going to get multiple times that it's going to probe that same level. Buying and selling pressure is not pushing it there. The algorithm keeps offering it there. See the algorithm is an AI. It used to be a collection of men that would manipulate the price of of whatever market they were in charge of. But it's efficient now to have a structure just like Pac-Man. Okay, remember remember the game Pac-Man? Pac-Man starts his game here. He goes down, eats the power dot below here. Now he can run and go after the ghosts. Where's the ghosts? Anybody that's shorting has their orders up here. >> [laughter] >> Goes up there, eats up all of the the ghosts. And then where he needs more power. So, where's he going to get more power from? He's got to go down below that low here cuz there's a power dot below that. Remember Pac-Man, they had upper right-hand corner, they had these real big white dots or balls. When he ate that, it made him immune to the ghosts that were trying to chasing down and kill them. And be between where he was and before he got to that power dot would be these individual little dots that he would eat them. Okay? And they would cause your your your score to go up. Well, the real score is when you eat the larger orders, which is the ghosts. And Pac-Man or price goes from this area after it eats up all these ghosts, it needs more power. So, it goes back down and eats the the liquidity below that low. Once it gets that, then it's energized. Again, where's it going to go? Well, if it came down here and isn't going to keep dropping, what do you look for? Old highs. Now, old highs is not just that. It's the ones I just showed you. It It Asia. That's an old high because I'm not supply demand. I cut through ranges. That's what the algorithm does. The algorithm is going to refer back to old price data that's pertinent to right now cuz it's inside this range and now this high here. It rallies up, takes that here and it's also sweeping above where that minor buy-side liquidity pool is or was in 9:30 or so Asia last night. If you strip away everything I said today and you just simply looked at price like this. Retail traders look at that. And they are scratching their head thinking how are people trading that? And I will admit if you don't have any narrative skills no idea of referencing where liquidity is how price is going to use old reference points this is this right here this is complicated. It's very complicated. Cuz how can you make any heads or tails out of this back and forth gyration? But I laid down the map before we even started today. I gave it to you. I gave it to you. And it's using tools that I've handled for three decades. I've kept this stuff guarded for a long long time. And I have looked at all of you through my screens for years watching you fall victim to this stuff. And I've gifted it to the community. I've given it to you. And I have made millionaires all around the world. All around the world. Some of them don't want to admit it. >> [laughter] >> And others are upstanding folks that say, "You know, that man taught me." And I'm thankful and I have a whole different appreciation for life and uh you know, a bright future. And that's what I'm wanting for you. I want you to do that. It didn't cost you anything to be here. It doesn't cost you anything to watch my videos. You don't have to watch my videos really. You don't have to. But if you want to learn, I've made it available for you. But you just go in and you take bite-size bites of it, okay? Digest as much as you can. Don't try to do too much at one time. Don't try to do like four videos over the weekend. Just pick one. Really listen to what I'm teaching because I'm not talking cuz I like the sound of my voice. I'm talking because I want you to know every facet every minute detail so that way that you know that you know. And if you rush through a number of videos, you're going to have questions that you're going to feel like they never were answered or I will never be able to answer because so many people ask me all the time, "Can you do this? Can you do that?" It's in the videos. 99.9% of the things that you're going to ask me is already out there. And you want me to save you a lot of time. And I would burn up all of my time if I did that for everyone. I got 2 million people following me. What do you think that's like? It's It's It's It's hard to keep up with. So, I have to build a barrier. So, this is all I'm willing to do. Not because I don't want to do more, it's just at some point I will wear myself down, which is what I did. And then it affected my health. And I'm not going to go there again. So, I have to have a balance in my life. I'm getting older. I'm not as strong as I used to be as a young man. And I have to pace myself. But it doesn't change the fact that you have this information available to you. It's It's in my YouTube channel. It's literally right there. All you have to do is pull up your sleeves and start watching any one of those playlists. Just pick one. Just start somewhere because they're going to overlap. Everything gets talked about in other places again because it needs to have repetition. And if you're like someone that listens to someone like me, where I care enough to teach the right way, and you feel like, you know, get to the point, guy, don't watch me. Don't even Don't even look at any of my material cuz it isn't for you. And I mean that. It's not arrogance. I'm not trying to be narcissistic. It just means that you clearly are indicating that you're not someone that really wants to do this correctly and has the proper mindset. Because if you're not patient enough to want to put the due diligence and time required to learn this highly technical stuff, you're competing, folks. Listen to me. You are competing with the smartest people, the most most ruthless people, the most greedy individuals that's ever walked this planet. You do you think they're just going to just bend over and let you just stick it up them and they can empty their pockets and they're sitting and you can just walk away. Nobody's going to, you know, do anything back to you? They're going to make you earn it. They're going to scare you with price runs that come out of nowhere. And it's going to be, "Oh man, what's going on? What did this happen? Oh, I mean, get out of my trade." And they'll entice you to make you think you're right about something. So, you'll go and you'll buy more or sell sell more. And then they rip it against you the other direction. They have the ability to do that. And they laugh at your idea of buying and selling pressure. They are the pressure. It's a pressure cooker. And if you don't know what I'm teaching, you're cooked. So, if you found what I taught today insightful, if it feels helpful to you, you know, just give me some feedback. Let me know. I know it's good. But I just want to hear it from you all. So, I'll talk to you next time. Be safe and good luck good trading.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: ICT Suspension Block & Review September 30, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Td-D-vKJDg
================================================================================

folks. All right. So, we are here on Tuesday, September 30th, 2025. This is going to be a review on the forex market. Starting with the usual suspects, dollar index, euro dollar, and pound dollar. Short on time today, so I'm going to go through this a little bit quicker than I normally do. And unfortunately the annotations had to suffer as a result because I have something I have to take care of with my wife. So everything's fine but just you know how it is. The boss says we have to do this. So that means I have to do this. All right. So dollar index we have daily chart on the left hand side and we have this close I'm sorry this open on this down close candle. Uh that's a bullish order block. Uh that blue line right there. Okay, that is the September 22nd, 2025 daily open and it's this candlestick's opening price. Okay, so the dollar index traded lower into this old buy side of balance sell sign deficiency that's shaded in blue and hit that old order block level there. So right in here as it hits that there's most likely going to be some sensitivity off of that. So we'd have to then resume probably up into the the high of the old positive balance cell deficiency and also it's a it's the first return inside that so that's usually pretty uh pretty significant and it's also on a daily chart so we can get a little bit of a pop there intraday sending euro and cable lower but by the time I get the video up it's probably either didn't happen because today's been weird or it happened and you're just going to be like, well, you know, it's hindsight. And that's that's fine. It doesn't change the fact that it's advantageous for you to see it. Repetitious viewing over my shoulder. It helps you learn this. All right. So, here at midnight, uh, we have a fair value gap here that initially acts as a breakaway gap. Then we have continuation lower fairway gap there. Ignore the wicks. Okay, down CBI trades up into that as well. Breaks lower into this low. We rally away from that. Come all the way back up to encroachment of this daily premium wick. Then fair value gap and guess what it goes goes into a inversion fair value gap there. This low does not take out that low. We come all the way back up to the inversion fair value gap. Small little errant wick there. That's normal. It's permissible. Notice the bodies are staying inside the inversion fair value gap. Okay. Notice it's not classic support and resistance of this old high. The bodies are being held inside of my PDA. This up close candle casted forward. And you'll see that acts as an inversion for big gap. That's why we're not supplying and demand folks. had a guy leave a comment saying, "Well, I thought order blocks were basically supply and demand zones." Uh, you thought wrong because you're hearing people on the internet that don't know what they're talking about talk about things they don't know talk about. So, it's just that simple. Then it drops down, takes out the relative equal lows here and into that September 22nd daily open on that candlestick right there. So it'll be interesting to see what we do on the Asia and London session tonight on dollar and euro dollar and pound dollar. So it has the stage to do something if if the dollar wants to, you know, resume or consolidate inside this old wick. Before I get in to your dollar next, I had a a guy post in the comments on my YouTube channel that you don't see, but I see them. Okay? So, um, just to prove that I I do read them, um, the question is this, you know, what's what's causing the dollar index to be kind of like, well, unruly. Well, I mean, if you look at what's going on around the world, there's a lot of things that are wartime saber rattling. You know, we're potentially going to do something to remove Maduro and Venezuela. and you we're beating our chest saying that we're ready and willing to do a war with Iran and Russia. I mean, listen, you we're pretty formidable as a country and our military is pretty pretty strong, but when things are starting to be spread out so thin and nobody really wants to join the military anymore, and I'm telling you, my kids ain't joining. They can knock on the door, but they ain't here. So, I don't know what to tell you. They're not fighting rich people's wars so they can get rich. Okay, that's that's what this boils down to. And the dollar index is kind of displaying that un uncertainty that uh I don't want to say the word nervousness, but it's it's being conveyed in the price action that it doesn't look good on the horizon. And it doesn't mean it's going to go up, doesn't mean it's going to go down. It just means that it's just sitting there in a range. But gold is going straight up, which is basically the same thing as dollar going lower. It should be dropping, but it's not. It's being held there. So, it's an artificial kind of consolidation. It's being held manipulation basically is the easiest way of saying it. And because usually the dollar index and gold are kind of inverted. one goes one direction, the other goes the other. And we've had a nice extrapolation to the upside on gold, but we have not seen that participation continue in the dollar index. So that's what's causing the problems for your currency pairs. So don't take up your frustration with me. I'm not doing it to it, okay? I can promise you that. But let's continue and go to Euro Dollar quick. All right. So here's Euro daily chart over here. old inefficiency casting that forward and we have this daily candlestick discount wick is being graded here. Okay. So see that 7 I'm sorry yeah 75 uh level the quadrant lower quadrant at 1.17596. That's this level up here. Okay. So we hit it once here in London. We dropped all the way down. Trade into a bullish fe got first running it up in there. Hit the low of that inefficiency over here. Sold off. Hit the order block or fair value gap rather up again. Subsequent encroachment of the premium wick hits. It trades lower. consolidates in the initial bullish fair value gap but now becomes an inversion fair gap that I did not change the color because I want you to see this on your own chart. It breaks lower down into the inefficiency here, goes below it, comes right back in, treats it as an inversion fair value gap, trades down into an old bullish fair value gap, now becomes an inversion fair value gap right here. This one, the downside of it, trades higher and then starts recumulate at that old order block. So, it's a bullish reclaimed fair gap. Same thing here, back up into the low of this discount wick, which is 1.17503. That's this level here. Comes all the way back down to the bullish fair gap. So, it's a reclaimed bullish fair gap once more. Rallies, consolidates inside the old fair gap. So, it's a reclaimed bullish fair value gap once more. Then they send it once more higher and relative equal highs here. But trading into that lower quadrant of that discount wick there. British pound just a mess. Just an utter mess. And we're stuck in between two wicks. Okay. So we have an old wick. You'll look at the older if you have it on your chart you've been watching. You know what these levels are anchored to and this one up here. So we've basically been trapped between that and the only thing that was noteworthy is the inversion pair value up here after taking sell side relative equal lows relative equal highs. So that that liquidity was taken first came up left these buy stops there. You see that dove one more time lower. So that means this right here is absolutely going to be a murder a PD ray. So it's cast it forward. It's inverse of your value gap and hits it once more and then comes right back up into the upper quadrant of this one right here at 1.34621 and that's there and just an utter mess. Okay, just complete and utter mess. And if you traded pound dollar, you probably got yourself beat up today. All right, here is the forex transitioning to futures. So, we're focusing on index futures now and our usual suspect is Christmas or December mini NASDAQ futures contract. All right, left-hand side daily chart. Okay, and you can see we're part of a a longer uptrend. That's why I left it like this. I didn't want to zoom in too much. I I want to remind you that we're part of a a primary bullish market. So, don't think top. Okay. So we have a discount array in here in form of this wick and this consequent encouragement of this premium wick right there and we have the lower quadrant of this premium wick. So that's where your your levels are going to come from. It's shown over here horizontal line. This line here is this consequent encroment of that premium wick. All right. So we have fair value gap. It dropped lower. Went into that old encroachment of that premium wick on this daily candle. Traded through it, accumulated around it. Polish fair value gap here. Rallies. And then we have the first introduction to my first mention of it in public. I've never taught it before. I've never given it to anybody. This is my ICT suspension block. Okay. And you'll see it with this wick laying over top of it. So you would never look at that as a fair value gap. Not by the definitions of it initially given. This is a bullish fair value gap. But this is not a bullish fair value gap in its classic sense. And if you look real close, there is a volume of bounce at the top and a volume of bounce at the bottom. Even though this wick goes higher, whenever you have one single candle that has a volume of balance to the low and a volume of balance to the high, that is going to act just like a fair value gap. And it does not matter if there's wicks that had already crossed over that to the left of it. Simply don't even worry about it. It's being suspended between two volume imbalances. That's why I named it suspension block. This is extremely strong. It's one of the most powerful and there's more that I'm not going to share, okay? But just know that this is what I'm talking about. I have more stuff. I got more stuff. All these guys here copy and rebranding my stuff. You're never going to see this stuff in anybody else's work prior to me. But it'll be interesting to hear what they call it. But the suspension block is extremely bullish or bearish if it's reversed and it's a down close candle and you have narrative and orderflow moving is lower reaching for liquidity. Here we can see that it's going to be reaching up into 24819 and a quarter. Now you can look at that on the one minute chart. Scrub to the left. You'll see it's part of a volume imbalance. It's just the higher level of it. That's what's that the whole point was that level to me was a a volume imbalance. And because of sake of time and brevity, I didn't include it here. But you can go back and just scrub to the left on your one minute chart and you'll see that keep going back. You'll find that there's a a 24,819.25 volume and bounce. And the the lower level is just below by not by much. It's very small. But uh we trade down into this I'm sorry, trade up into this suspension block, too. Now, I only change the colors here just to show that they're both suspension blocks, but this one's the larger one. And we're going to push this one forward in time. So, the the creation of this is again a volume of bounce at the top, a volume of bounce at the bottom. And it does not matter if there's a wick to the left. So if it looks like it's been redelivered or it's back and forth in the same area, it's still inefficient and it's being highlighted algorithmically because there's a volume of bounce to the lower and the higher end of it. Okay? It's very very easy to spot. If you start scouring through your charts, you're going to see these things and they they never have been noticed by you before. And I promise you there has never been anybody else that's they're all going to pretend. You're going to see these 20-year-olds are going to come out. Yeah, bro. I was doing this. I just never want to teach it in my Discord. I never wanted to teach it in my Telegram channel. You know, I was doing all my students been seeing me do it. I've been calling I've been calling signals and shots with this man for this ask for broker statements proving they did the executions because I can I can do that. They are not going to be able to do that. Okay. So, the bottom line is here we go. We have the bullish suspension block and it trades down to it here and then consequent encroachment over here and then one more time it dives down into it here. Consequent encroachment upper quadrant of it just almost to consequent encroachment but notice the body respecting it here. It trades to the 24,819 and a quarter. This is the run you watch me do. Um the trade was recorded and I shared it on X. Uh I'm not going to put it on YouTube because the full presentation at regular speed was promoted on my uh Twitter or X account. So you can see all that there and where I place the stop and how I manage the trade and whatnot. So the market breaks down, comes back up one more time into another suspension block. See this lower volume of balance, upper volume of balance, but because we had a reversal when we come back down in it's going to act as what? Just like an inversion fair value gap, it changes its characteristic. So it trades up into consequent encroachment, breaks lower fair value gap, digs past the first suspension block, then down into the second one. See that? Then rallies up, supports at the low of this suspension block there. So there's discount sensitivity rallies up discount sensitivity at the high of it rallies volume and balance trades one more time up into the suspension block here. And because it's changed its character to that of being a premium array the body's respecting it here. Look at the bodies. I mean look at that. That's that's technical science. And rise up. Look at the body stopping right there. That's technical science. There's no algorithm. It's buying and selling pressure. I mean I wish I had more time. I have so much fun with this. But it breaks lower, comes back up, consequent encroachment, trades down to the volume of balance and then sends it higher back. Uh these are just the upper and lower quadrants respectively into this suspension block. All right. So moving forward, that's suspension block and the lower green one. I have that here so you can see it in reference. Price rallies away from that inversion pair bay gap was a cibby. Now it's a bullish inversion fair gap. Consequent encouragement sends it higher. finds support at the upper quadrant of the suspension block over here. Completely random. Rallies up, consolidates around the volume of bounce that I told you to look for in the one minute chart to the left. Rallies up, peters out, comes down, and then fizzles out, and it creates the relative equal highs I mentioned at the opening. Um, that was the level I was looking for. That was the first level I talked about. So, whenever I talk about a level, the first mention of it, that's what I'm looking for. So if price is below that, so you know what I'm looking for. I'm looking for something that's bullish. So the market breaks down and then we go into this really ugly back and forth over top the first percent of fair, which I'll annotate in a minute, but just really back and forth. Had no support or affinity for the first percent back up. It just kept sweeping back and forth and that's manipulation. They're watching us. Okay, that's what it is. They're just absolutely watching. They're waiting for me to say something very, very one-sided so that way you all suffer for it. So they go up into the upper quadrant here of the suspension block dive down into the bullish bag gap in here and we're using the lower volume imbalance and the candlesticks low here hits it beautifully with the bodies and then shows the rally away from that and then we're going to move forward in time again. Here's first percent value gap. You can see all the movement back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. And it wasn't until we got around in here where price left the lower half here. We done a lot of uh damage down here on on the downside and aiming for this area here. We finally ripped for it. Breakaway gap trades through it here. And then I mentioned the 24 857 buy side remained. So they came up and hit that Audi stopped right there beautifully and sells off once more back into first percent value gap. Just again no real respect of it at all. Just complete manipulation when when the first percent value gap does not have any kind of sway over the marketplace and you don't see it being respected at all. No no support, no resistance to it, no consolidations inside of it with just the bodies. It's indicating that we're in we're in trouble waters. So you have to just be careful. And I mentioned because the dollar index, gold, and NASDAQ all fell overnight. That's not usually what you see. So it's a decoupling in the marketplace. So it makes it more likely that we're going to have high resistance liquidity run conditions, which is exactly what we had here today. Smart guy in the comment section on X. You learned today, didn't you? So the rally off of the consequent corion over here hit that and then we start to have a little bit of respect over here. Rallies back up goes into a fair value. Got this bearish here and then sells off. Trades back down towards the halfway point of that level there. We dip down to 24,722 and something. I can't remember what the price was. Uh 22 and a quarter. And we have eight. This this should have been uh shaded in orange. That's an inversion fair value gap. That's what I get for rushing. Okay. Hits it here. Fair Bay gap there as well. rallies a little fair value got at the consequent encouragement of the old premium wick right there. See that? And then it rallies up again. No coming back down in and touching the first I got. It's just rallying and then we had uh the old volume of balance 24819.25 25 level, come in again once more and then rise back up and we'll see if it takes out uh the 24,863 level and make a higher high on the day. But all in all, it was very very manipulated today and I gave you the commentary before the market open that it would be like this today. It would be problematic. I gave two liquidity pools. I said look for things that are smooth and obviously the buy side liquidity was mentioned at the 913 and 9:30 one minute highs as I mentioned just a moment ago and that's right here and then I gave the 24,701 I think it was a and25 um th those lows down I liked and if the news at 10:00 would have sent us lower because we were not seeing a whole lot of uh rhyme or reason in what was going on here 10 o'clock news, you want to sit and wait. And it just wasn't giving up anything that was useful. So you there it is. But the first mentioned of any liquidity was this one here I gave you today. And then as it hit it, I said we would go to 24857. Hit that and then gave up the ghost rather aggressively. But just all in all, this if you if you got hurt today, if you had difficulty, um just it's not something it's not a knock against you because this was a very hard read. It was a very difficult read. Not impossible to trade obviously, but very very difficult to read and not not high probability, not clean price action, not obvious PDAs and obvious draw and liquidity and straight runs. This is high resistance liquidity run conditions where it just it's going to frustrate you. It's going to frustrate you. So, one of the advantages of learning on me is identifying the characteristics that lead up to these events because the best skill set you can have as a trader is knowing when not to risk money. All right, I think that's going to be it, folks. I appreciate you guys hanging out. Uh, I tried to get through this as fast. There's a whole lot more I could have said and I guess we'll have to, you know, revisit that over the course of this week. Till talk to you tomorrow, Lord willing. Good luck and good trading.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Focus On Forex & Index Futures September 29, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4KFcDiXD5M
================================================================================

Hello folks, how are you? Happy Monday. This is September 29th, 2025 and this is going to be the first the focus on forex. We're going to take a quick look at the dollar index, Euro dollar, and pound dollar. All righty. So, we're looking at the left hand side. This the daily chart and this premium wick here. That's what I have highlighted. And I showed you the contrast of this last week, this highest high, and then this one in here. So, you want to look at both of those. I'm going to show this one. And you go back to the other chart. And again, the the interactive aspect of this is you actually do this with your own charts, not just simply relying on mine, but you also want to have this one here, the tallest one on the daily chart with the gradient levels like this one is. Okay, so the market made a a rally like we were expecting last week off of the inversion fair value gap that was called for before it even formed. This retracement lower came on the heels of Thursday saying in X post I said be content don't don't look for anything further on the upside. The next day Friday we have an inside day and then we have follow through on the downside. So have a premium wick here. So these darker lines, the blue and the red, uh the red is that consequent encroachment level at 97.937. You can see that here 97.937 and we opened up with Asia's session and London open minor buys on liquidity. So here's London in Asia. So relative equal highs. The market rallied off of that after using a sell side of bounce buy side of efficiency that took out sell side here. That's what this was. They accumulated the stops below there throwing the London open kill zone then rallied shifted market structure came right back down into an inversion fair value. So this cibby changed its characteristic to that of a bullish PDA and you can see how the bodies are pretty much respecting the consequent encroachment. I mean it's a little bit of you know movement below it but ultimately this positive balance also efficiency here and the inversion pair gap held it at bay then it rallied up attacking that Asia and London open buy side liquidity up into a 845 believe it was um last week I can't recall on the last I don't have my note on that day and just go back to 8:45 in the morning and you'll see it. So have it on a fiveminute chart and you'll see that that gap but uh it trades up into that inefficiency breaks lower cibby. So it's a bear bear sphere value gap. Then we break again have a volume imbalance in here. The separation between the two bodies candle or dyslexic today Michael the two candles bodies. Okay. And it trades right back up to the 98.012 which is that level right here. That's the upper quadrant of this premium wick. Again the reason why I'm using that one because it's the tallest one of all these. and hits it perfectly there after completing the return into that volume imbalance here. Then it gave up the ghost broke lower aggressively and then worked this discount wick. Now you do this on your own chart. Okay, put the upper quadrant on that level right there and you'll see where it lays with that. then breaks lower once more trading down into 97.786 which is the low of the premium wick of this candlestick right here and it hits it there and then we go on London close and there it is but the uh the market just basically is consolidating now it's actually and admittedly it's becoming a little bit more tricky while we're inside of this range And what range am I referring to? This high and this low. We're we're like basically in no man's land. So now it becomes a 50/50 higher or lower. So you have to be very very careful when you're trading forex now because we're right back in the middle of the range and it could literally go either direction. That's not what you want to hear, but I'm going to tell you when it's like that, it's hands off to sit still. All right, moving on. This is Euro dollar or fiber a daily chart on lefth hand side and the five-minute chart of Euro dollar or fiber on the right hand side. So you can see we had our old buy outside of efficiency and I did not have this shaded on Thursday's review correctly. I told you I didn't want to do it because I wanted to keep it that green color I had it today. I put it in there to show you an inversion which it acted as here, but it's drawing back up into it today. And that's this shaded area up here. Now, these white lines, all this is is me grading this candlesticks high to that candlesticks low. And I'm only showing the lower quadrant and the upper quadrant. I'm not showing the high or the low of it or the consequent encroachment because this dash line that's used to show the midpoint of any rectangle on Trading View, it's accomplishing that method. So, I don't need to show that and I'm only showing these levels on the five-minute chart and it it's not showing up over here. Okay. So, you can see that this darker color here is this rectangle on the five-minute chart for dollar. All right. So we can see we had sellside liquidity in the Asian session last night and then we rallied up a little bit created relative equal highs for London open kill zone it trades down attacking the sell side here and inside of the buy side balance sellside efficiency bullish fair value got we trade down the lower quadrant overshoot it just by a little bit the body's staying in the upper half that's bullish comes right back up into this sell side imbalance buy sign in efficiency breaks lower small little gap in here. See it traded right there. You want to add these on your chart and then we break lower once more and the body's just dip below consequent encouragement of the pos side efficiency fair gap there and we rally up. Now look at this ready hits the upper quadrant of this inefficiency. So what what I'm doing is I'm taking the fib and attaching it to the low of the fair bag which is that candle's high to that candle's low and the upper quadrant lower quadrant levels are shown respectively here and the upper quadrant hits it dead bang on perfect and then extrapolation to the upside we have a buy side balance sign efficiency after a shift in market structure here and it's a breaker low high, lower, low. See how I'm giving you lots of room for you to add to your chart. Not everything's going to be done for you now, but bullish breaker hits it right there, hammers it nice, rallies up. Another inefficiency here, left open, but it takes the buy side here. Right there, comes back down, hits the old liquidity pool there, rallies up, trades into this old buy side balance, sell side efficiency. That's now we're below. So it's inversion fair value gap and we drop down hit an order block here bullish should order block rallies up falls just a little bit short of the upper quadrant at uh 1.17550 and then it breaks lower notice the bodies are staying in the lower half of this old daily fa then it gives up the ghost breaks lower comes right back up into an old inefficiency here so when this rally and broke lower and rally through throw it again. This right here, just like when you're looking for um uh breakers and that's this was a breaker. So, we have a high low, higher high. When that low is taken out, it becomes a bearish breaker. And you see it traded to here, right there. So, that's a bearish breaker. Well, when you see highs forming like this, when they're reaching up, you want to look for the buy side of balance, sell side efficiencies in there because they will act as inversion fair value gap. About 80% of the time, you're going to see inversion fair value gaps form like that. So, if you're a reversal pattern trader, um turtle suit trader, but don't have the nerve to try to sell above old highs, just wait for it to get into an inversion fair over here on as the, you know, rallies up into it. Look for those last uh one or two bullish fairy gaps when the market's making these highs. Wait for it to break through it and then come right back up into it and then you can sell short there. You don't need to have a huge stop up here. You use a stop loss right there. And that still might be too much for some of you because you want to do 20 contracts, 30 contracts of your funded accounts and just over leverage. That's not how you should trade though. But um anyway, just toss it in there for an extra charge. It breaks lower again and we come back up into here or immediate rebalance, breaks lower once more, consolidates around the old pull liquidity and then goes into rather sloppy price action back into this old buy center sell efficiency. So, uh we have liquidity in here. This has been made jagged there. So, where is it smooth? Right below here. So, just be mindful of that. that and over here this low right pound dollar. We have a daily civvy here. We traded up into that and we broke lower last week. You saw that and we traded down into liquidity here and the low here at uh the lower quadrant of the inefficiency which I don't know why I don't have it anchored properly. I don't know. I don't know where this is anchored at now. I'm thinking about I think I may have um cut it off. I think that's what's happened here. It should be something over here. But uh if you look at your charts, you'll find out exactly what it is. Main thing is where we're at right now. Uh we had a civvy here between these two candlesticks, the high and the low. And that gap we traded up into that. It's not annotated on my chart here, but you want to be mindful of that. And these levels here are the discount gradient levels on this wick on the daily chart. So these very very brown dark lines, that's what that is. And the smaller thinner lines, that's these up here. These are representing this candlestick's discount wick. These darker thicker lines represent this area in here for this discount wick. So this this discount wick and this discount wick is where you're seeing these two sets of gradient levels. The upper one is this one. And you can you can verify by the price legends here where it shows you the label of what each one of those lines represents for price. All right. All right. So had southside liquidity pull here in the London session. So London open up and kill zone. We rallied up broke lower sell side of bounce by side efficiency plus a breaker. So we hit that here. The bearish fair value gap and consequent encroachment. It wicks through just almost filling us in. Leaves a small portion open. Breaks lower takes a sellside there. hits the consequent encroachment of this discount wick right here. That level comes in at 1.34248. 1.34248 hits it there perfectly. Dead bang on. Rallies fair got there trades down into that then rips higher. Takes the buy side here. Retraces once more into this buy sell side efficiency. Look at the bodies. Candlesticks. Second time. I think I'm getting I'm getting old. Ain't I dyslexia? Two times. I'm not editing it out. I don't care. I don't care what you hear. I don't care what you say about it. I want to hear about it. The bodies of these candlesticks, they are staying in the upper half of that. That is that the wicks are allowed to do the damage, but it leaves a small portion open and it rallies up, rips through the buy side here and here and takes us into this discount where this discount wick gradient levels. And you can see that the the low comes in at 1.34534. That's this. And we just fall short during the New York open kill zone getting up into that lower quadrant of this discount wick. We break lower, rally back up into a bearish fair gap and last up close candle before trading lower. That's the change in the state of delivery. That opening price, that's what that is. That's not a demand zone. That's not some buying zone. That's not uh an FU candle. That's not a engulfing candle. That's not what all everybody else wants to call it, okay? It's just simply change in the state of delivery where the goes right back to that, hammers it one more time. It's not mitigating It's not mitigating the order block, okay? Like like some of these guys out there say, it's just they got some of the buzzwords, but they don't have it correct at all. Okay, it sounds like teu ICT, but rallies up, closes in the fair value gap, hits the close of that, I'm sorry, open that candle, closing in the inefficiency, and trading right back to the change in state of delivery. So what that means is price was spooling higher and then once it rotates and trades the other direction you want to see where that last reference point was at that interval which is and here it's 5 minute time frame that opening price carry it forward and you see it hit it right there. Bang. And now every high frequency trading algorithm is start firing looking for shorts. Okay. and they want to get in there as as as much as they can inside this inefficiency and it breaks lower, rips into this inefficiency here, digs through it, sellside below that low, ramps through that small little fat, trades out, fails to get the consequent encroachment, takes us down into 1.04166. That's the low of that candlesticks discount wick or the low of that very day itself. hits it during London close and then back into consolidation for the remainder of the day. All right, we're going to look at this portion. It's the focus on index futures where I'm primarily focusing on Christmas December mini NQ futures or E- mini futures December contract. All right, left-hand side daily chart, right hand side, one minute chart. Okay, one minute showing on regular trading hours. That way it shows you the regular trading hours difference between where we closed at on Friday and where we opened up on regular trading hours at 9:30 Eastern time today, Monday, September 29th, 2025. Over here, uh, last week, as I mentioned, uh, on Twitter or X as they call it now, I said that this candlestick right here, it's discount wick. You want to grade that. And also note that the fair value gap that's formed right here. Go back and look at my ex posts. Okay? I'm not going to handheld handhold it for you and do all the work for you. Okay? If you're going to do the uh the trouble of following me or watching some of my post, go and look at it. What did I say on that on that day? You on Thursday, look at this. Okay? and the market trades down into the upper quadrant inside of that fair value gap and it leaves a small portion between that low and that candlestick's high. It leaves it open and that little Harry Potter meme post at the same time as it hit it hit what that upper quadrant level inside that fair value gap. The Harry Potter wands pointing up up it's going to go up and look at that. Oh my goodness. I got lucky there, didn't I? I got I got really lucky there. It's I don't know. It must have been a coincidence. But then we had this wick again split that in half. That's consequent encroachment. You can see that that's what happened right here. Okay. So on Friday we traded down into that beautifully at 24.529. 24529 even. Hits it there handsomely. It rips back up bullish, but it's an inside day. So here's um Thursday's high, Thursday's low, Friday's high, Friday's low. So it's inside of the previous day's range. So usually when you see that, if you have a directional bias, as I was hinting at, uh it's usually indicative of continuation, could potentially be explosive to the upside in this case. And we had that here. we opened relative to where we closed at here on regular trading hours, it's a huge gap. But where we opened up at 6:00 on Sunday's trading, it wasn't all that terrible in terms of a a separation. It looks a lot more here because it had moved up, you know, from the new start of trading on Sunday all through Asia and then all through London and whatnot to get to the regular trading hours of 9:30 Eastern time. uh this morning. So with all this stuff here, I'm going to zoom in and take us right into this portion and into the right. Okay, so that's what we have here. We have that regular trading hours opening range gap. Okay, so you can see that little box here, it's indicating opening range gap. So where we stopped trading on Friday regular trading hours to where we opened today 9:30 Eastern time regular trading hours regular trading hours right hand side see that so it starts to rally right away we create first presented fair value gap right here then we have another fair value gap there and we reach up in here do a lot of business in here uh we break down potential shift in market structure below that low so that means this might become a inversion for everybody you got and it it does but it spends a lot of time in here. Okay, there's a lot of time distortion wants to lure people in going long looking for this high to be traded back to and this folded over and break it lower. Bearish reclaimed fair gap trades up to it there breaks lower and this buy sell side efficiency it's traded down through it. So we open trade right back up into just short of consequent encroachment. You want to see it fail to touch that if it's bearish. It rips lower, trades into the first percent value got. What was the first percent value got? It was a buy side and bounce sellside sign deficiency or an up close candle. So if we trade down through it, it's going to become what? A premium array in the form of a bearish inversion fair value gap. So it trades up into that here, hits it beautifully, breaks lower, and then takes the sell side below the lows at regular trading hours print. That means that's the low that was given during the entirety of reg trading hours session so far for the day and it drew down into that liquidity hits it consolidates around it and then starts using the opening range high which is the actual opening price here. It breaks lower creates relative equal lows relative equal highs. This bangs around a little bit in here and then rips lower through the upper quadrant, falls short of the subsequent encroachment of the opening range. That's that's what the I don't have that on here. I'm getting disoriented here looking at this. It's 24,816 and that's this premium wick. Okay, premium wick gradient levels. So, I don't have that um that opening range gap created. It's this here. I got confused by looking at it, but uh it trades down to that upper quadrant level right there or falls short of that one rather and it goes through the high of that candlestick at 24,816 right there and then consolidates, you know, into where we're at at the time of this recording. Um the screenshot was taken at 2:00. Just be mindful that this is a little too smooth in here. This is a little too smooth. Um if it starts to, you know, rotate lower, you that that's fine. You know, we'll deal with that in tomorrow's trading. But for right now, just this just seems like it's there's there's a lot of people that want to be short because they want to try to short all-time highs. And if they are up here, they're really ramping down and putting stop losses here. So, it's not hard for it to go up and hit that. But long and short, you know, that's try to avoid going short, okay? Just try to do your best not to do that. If you don't have any experience or you haven't been doing this for a very long time, uh just try to avoid being short in these types of markets because it can hurt you. I mean, you're trading alltime highs and they could just in one day just take off and keep going, keep going, keep going. And every time you try to short it, it'll just tear it'll tear you up. What does it reach for? Okay, we're in electronic trading hours. Notice that lower hand small little city up here. Okay, above this old high, this old order flow in here, it draws up into the inefficiency right before it right there. And that's what it gave up the ghost today and went back down into this premium wick high at 24816. That's 246 24816 there. So, a little bit of a tricky day admittedly. Um, I worked with Caleb today and he did some uh some trades around the first present value gap and we'll just leave it at that. But uh that's going to be it for today and Lord willing I'll be back tomorrow with another review and point out some things that you should be pertinent on or should be pertinent on your travels and discovery in Smart Money Concepts. All right, folks. Thanks for your continued interest and until talk to you next time. Wish you good luck and good trading.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Focus On Index Futures September 25, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-g7vnzaRDv4
================================================================================

Right folks, welcome back. September 25th, 2025. This is the focus on index futures. We're focusing on Christmas ENQ E- mini futures, NASDAQ E- Mini futures. So, let's take a quick look at what we have here today. All right. So, today is Thursday. Daily chart on the left, one minute chart on the right. So we have this premium wick highlighted with these gradient levels. We have a buy side and balance also efficiency fair value gap with the gradient levels added to it as well. Then we have a buy side and balance sell side efficiency busy fair value got there as well. And then we have a discount wick with gradient levels on it. So, as I mentioned on this day here that we're entering a time when an intermediate term high should form in NASDAQ and I think by anyone's standard that would be uh considered an intermediate term high. Not calling the top. I'm not trying to get overzealous or anything, but that's how formidable you are once you understand how to read the tape, read price action without order flow stuff, without level two data, without any other stuff. Now, you can use it if you think it helps you. Okay? So, if you if you've been consistent and you're able to find profitability using that stuff and you want to believe and place your faith in that religion, then wonderful. that means that you're giving yourself, you know, the the cheerleading aspects that you need to do as a trader. But if you don't have any subscription to that, there's no need to reach for it because there's there's really no advantage at all. Um, I didn't use any of it when I was outlining this market this week and last week and I'm right on the tick. So, uh, just goes to show you don't need all that stuff. Okay, regular trading hours 9:30 starting. Okay, the market breaks down. I have a fair value gap there. We'll look at that in a moment. Another fair value gap there. Small little consolidation and drops down into the blue positive balance sellside efficiency fair value gap. This line here 24,437 even is this level here which is the upper quadrant of this discount wick. You see that? So, and it's also very close in proximity to what would be the lower quadrant, but it doesn't quite get there. So, if you put your fib on, you'll see that it doesn't quite get to it, but it got real real close to it. So, if you were grading the the fair value gap itself from this candle's low and this candle's high, uh you would see that it just I got real close but did not trade to it. But the upper quadrant of the discount wick, it did. So, which one's going to be easier to get to? This one. Okay. And price did in fact trade down into it here. Comes back up. Trades to the high of that discount wick at 24,502. You see that here it trades back down to the upper quadrant of the discount wick. That level right here of this wick and then price starts to rally. Okay. Um I mentioned how we would see the likelihood of reaching into fair value gaps and discount wicks and premium wicks and grading them a week ago. Okay. And actually not it's really technically what last Tuesday so it was more than a week ago but we can see the reactions off of these levels here which is not a pivot point. It's not any kind of uh retail logic. It's not classic support and resistance. Okay. But it allows you to look at wicks in the same vein as I do with inefficiencies and or gaps. So the market rallies up trades back inside the green bside balance sellside side efficiency and trades up to the lower quadrant of it here at 24,000 578 and then to consequent encroachment upper quadrant and all the way look at the body respecting the perfect delivery of that close is right on the 24,655 high of that bullish fair I got right there which is that candle low. That's beautiful. And then it drops back down just below consequent encroachment one more time. Hammers the upper level of that fair value gap on the daily chart once more trades lower immediate rebalance here and rallies up. Earth presents a fair value gap. You can see forms here. Here's 930 and the first inefficiency is there. Okay. It's a nice displacement very obvious and it's a sell side and bounce by buy side efficiency. So when I annotate it's first presents a fair value gap in the form of a bearish fair value. Why? Because it's a down close candle trades up into it here just falls short of consequent encroachment breaks lower institutional orderflow entry drill and this extend that first presented fair value gap. You can see that we have an order block down here. It's bullish changes state delivery after it trades into that upper quadrant of that discount wick here. There it is on the one minute chart. It retrades back down to that order block there. The body's respecting it. Sends it higher institutional orderflow entry drill here. And now because price trades above first percent bag up and we're trading consequent encouragement, it's a cipp at first. So it's going to change its character to what now it's a bullish scenario. So we would look for this to act as what discount sensitivity. If it's going to trade down the consequent encroachment it should not trade to the lower half. It does in fact do very thing here. So that's the logic I've been teaching you. Rallies up creates a positive balance sign efficiency in here. So it's another bull bullish fair value gap. Leaves a small portion open. rallies up, does all the business we talked about here, but now we put the gradient levels on there. And you can see how it was respecting a lot of those levels as well. And we're going to need to take that fair value gap and extend it forward so that way we can keep track of what we're referencing when I move forward in time. The first present value tongue twister. The first presented fair value gap uh resumes being a bearish fair value gap. Once we trade down below it and hits the consequent encroachment and breaks outside of it, that means it's likely to trade lower to trade to inversion fair value gap inside this low. We have an order block which is these two consecutive closed candles. And then we have the little gap right there extended through the candle. That's why we're not supplying demand. And the bodies respect that beautiful delivery and sends it right back up into the upper fair bay gap here. This gap when it was formed was a bissy. So it was an up closed candle, fair value gap. That means it's like to be bullish. You can see it being utilized here. But when we trade down through it and come back up and then fall back down through it again, the upper half needs to be disregarded. In other words, only sensitivity at the consequent encroachment level or below it. And we can see that being shown here. And it's stacked right on top of first percent of fair value gap now resuming its bearish initial creation which is down close candle. So now it trades at the consequ encroachment there breaks lower hits the 24,000 553 level breaks aggressively lower into that inversion pair value gap and then look at the strong reaction off of that. Look at that. So, we're going to scrub forward. There's that inversion per gap. It rallies up. Now, the first pair value got changes character once more. The bodies are respecting consequent encroachment. The wicks are allowed to do the damage. comes back up, hits it here, rallies upper quadrant of the previous fair value gap that was above first percent of fair value gap and trades up into the upper quadrant of the fair value gap over here at 24,629 and a half. That's what we're seeing here back down into bullish fair value gap and consolidates into the close. So I tried to keep uh the annotations in the PD arrays kind of like short and sweet and focusing on the relationships of the first fair value gap and the other fair value gaps how they change their characteristic intraday. So as the eb and flow of price delivery above and below these fair value gaps it allows you to switch your short-term bias to where the next pool of liquidity would reach for or the next inefficiency above or below. But having the understanding of when these form and how you're looking for price to draw to very specific levels, it helps build your tape reading repertoire. So it gives you skill set that will increase over time. You can't do it, you know, as much as you want to learn how to do it real quick and be very efficient at it. My best advice, and I get this question a lot in email and I get it in comments that I don't approve on the channel because I basically hold a lot of the chem uh the commentary and I guess posts by other people cuz there's a lot of these weird crypto like there's a lot of crypto stuff being posted and I don't want to go on there and have to clean all that stuff out after it's been posted. So, it's easier for me to just I read all your comments, but I'm not going to authorize them to go to the channel because it's just something I just don't want to be babysitting. So, there there are comments allowed on certain videos, and honestly, I don't keep up with which ones they are. But, uh, anything you send to me, even though you don't see, you think you see it on on the channel, but nobody else can see it, I still read it. So, I appreciate all your sentiment. Thank you for all your very kind, very kind remarks in regarding to my loss of u my older boxer Bailey and also the the work I'm putting in here and I appreciate that. I'm thankful for that. But in closing, I want you to think about how we dove down pretty deep into this fair value gap and tomorrow's Friday. So the range of Thursday was pretty significant. So in my opinion, I would keep my expectations very low for tomorrow because it's already done enough. You know, if if all we had to do was anticipate what we anticipated this week for NASDAQ and it delivered like this, whatever it did on Friday, tomorrow's trading, who cares? you know, it it doesn't make a difference because this was such a wonderful display of prowess, being able to understand what the market should and shouldn't do and the sensitivity and precision of the concepts I'm sharing with you. So, hopefully you found this insightful. I'm probably going to have obviously a review tomorrow evening, but um there won't be an extra recording over the weekend, so I need my Saturday and Sunday uh time to, you know, just kind of ground again and we'll be back at it again on Monday. So, I guess enjoy your weekend. And for those that want to see the Forex stuff, I'm going to finish this one up and in a couple minutes after I finish it, I'm going to grab something to drink real quick and then I'll do the the Forex review. I'll talk to you next time. I wish you good luck and good trading.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Focus On Forex DXY EurUsd GbpUsd 09/25/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNL_BtccMfA
================================================================================

All right, folks. Welcome back. It's September 25th, 2025. This is focus on forex. We're looking at dollar index fiber euro USD and cable pound dollar. Well, lo and behold, look at that. So I mentioned last week that I was bullish on dollar unless we were to trade below the daily consequent encroachment of this inversion fair value gap that was given to you before the the actual formation of it. So, it's kind of like, you know, one more time proving authorship. The nice rally off of that we've had the last two days has traded above the premium wick in here, above the gap in here, and then up into these highs here. Okay? So, I'm going to show you two of them that you have on your chart. The first one when we were down here and trading up, it's always, you know, this swing high. It's, you know, you you got to look at that obviously, but this high has the longest wick. So, it's a premium wick. So, you want to put your gradient levels on that from the candlestick open to the high. That's what's on here. And let me just toss it in real quick. Uh there's really no reason to worry about whether you should draw the fib from the low to the high or the high down to the low when you're doing gradient levels on the uh the wicks. It's it's not imperative because you're you're simply looking at where those quadrant levels are. Not so much the importance of whether they're 75 or 0.25. It's it's irrelevant. You're just looking at the placement of it where it is in proximity to what price is doing. Okay. So, um on the right hand side we have the five-minute chart. Again, the left hand side is the daily chart. And at midnight, price is consolidating and traded on the low at 97.786. That's this here. It's the low of this premium wick. So, we opened, traded down, had a little bit of a Judas swing, and then we found some support right at that level again. here. London open kind of was like really not all that eventful, but uh the New York session, New York open, it had a lot of animation. We had a breakaway gap in here. Just kept on ripping higher. And then we have a fair value gap there, right on the lower quadrant of this premium wick. That's this level right here. fair value gap right at the quadrant level. Another little fair value gap. So you can get in the pyramid. Okay. And then rallies strongly off of that which creates a retracement lower fair value gap and then we have a volume imbalance. It's really tight to see in here but you know on your chart you'll be able to see it easily. The buys respect the bullish fair value gap. Here we have a measuring gap that stays open. So breakaway measuring gap and then fair value gap bullish breaker. So I have a swing low here and a lower low. So that high here bullish breaker trades into it here. Bullish fair value gap rise through bullish fair value gap once more. Trades up to the lower quadrant of 98.456. That's this level here. That's the lower quadrant of this premium wick. So again, you want to take your time, review what these price levels are in relationship to what wick and then look at where we're at over here. We accumulate around that 4540, I'm sorry, 98456 level there and trades higher. And I just included all this price action because it just kept going further beyond the normal uh you London close time period. Uh London close is an extended window of time goes from 10 o'clock in the morning Eastern time to as much as 1:00 in the afternoon. That's that's kind of like my the latest the latest the latest portion in a day of the New York session PM session that I'd be concerned about. So obviously it goes a little bit further than that today because it's such a big blowoff type run. So we're re reaching for the buy side here and the upper half of that premium wick and then we'll look at this one in a moment. So now I have the the fib ran across this premium wick and these levels here you can see are much more pertinent once we get into the 9824 and 1/2 level. That's this here. Look how the body respects it there. The candlesticks are respecting that level there and we drew right back down into that. So we have upper quadrant there which will be that and then the high. So what what are these right here? Relative equal highs, right? Is it qualified by having a lower one to the right than that one here? Yes. So buy side sitting at 9873.3. Uh that's in striking distance for dollar index, right? Euro dollar. This baby just fell right out of bed, didn't it? Inversion fair value gap. We covered that the other day. Then we have a a gap here, which is a bullish fair value gap. I'm not going to change the color in this cuz I don't want to confuse you with these two here. But this changes its state to a premium array. So, it's going to be what it changes from a bissy. That would be bullish once it trades down into it like it did here. But if it trades down through it like it did yesterday, this becomes an inversion for everybody gap. Okay? So, it's going to act as a reversal of what we expected. And no, that's not my smoke detector in case you heard that beep beep. I have a perimeter alarm that lets me know when my puppies are trying to get into an area of the house. I don't want them in and the batteries are dying. So, I got to change them. All right. So, the market creates this runup into here. London London kill zone again like in dollar deck was kind of like lethargic. Wasn't doing all that much. And then New York session, we came alive. We had a breakaway gap, bearish fair value gap. We trade up into that. There's your judic swing during the New York session. Break lower order block. That's bearish changing to say delivery. These candlesticks here, the open big precipitous drop lower trades down into the discount wick on this candlestick here. You can see it at 1.16945. That's this level here. and it creates a measuring gap and a breaker. So, we have swing high, low, higher high. That's a bearish breaker. We trade up into it several times. Look at the wicks. This allowed to do the damage. And then we break lower. We have a small little fair gap. It's not enough room for me to annotate, but it would be a fair bearish fair gap there. And we have an inversion fair gap there. Trades up into it there perfectly. and then drops lower into the London close. Trading below the low of that discount wick. Now, I'm going to show you this discount wick where I believe that we may be requiring attention to. So, these levels here, you want to have them on your chart as well. You can look at this one here, the longest one lower, but don't disregard this one. It's important you have that one. Okay. All right. Pound dollar or cable. Same thing here. We had a bearish fair value reclaimed reclaimed uh delivered from yesterday and then the discount wick here and then we have a discount wick there. And then we have a bullish fair value gap. I traded down into I put the gradient levels on the bullish fair value gap. So just pay attention, you know what we're looking at over here. This is the daily range for today on Thursday. You can see how we traded up into the upper quadrant of this one here at uh 1.34650 right there. Everybody got trades up and body's respecting it. And it's also the the lower quadrant of that g wick. We break lower after another return up in with that fair value gap. Then we have a breakaway gap. Fair value gap trade up into it there which is institutional order for entry drill and it happens to land directly on consequent encroachment of this discount wick breaks aggressively. Now we have a measuring gap about halfway what we're expecting to trade down to that bullish fair value gap over here. Trades into a city which is a bearish fair value gap there discount wick graded that trades up into that shoots it with the um the wick only not the body into this bearish fair gap and we have a small little fairway gap there. Bodies respecting it. Wicks are allowed to trade outside of it. And then we have another little fairway gap there. digs into that bullish fair value gap in blue and then the bodies respect this fair value gap and it sells off and trades just short right before it gets to that little low down here. So it was like one tick or so away from that. That's very very close for government work, right? So you can see how having an understanding of reading gaps that are viewed in your candlestick as a wick above or below a candlestick. Uh Steve Nielson did a lot of stuff writing about, you know, candlesticks and whatnot. And I I do not subscribe to any of the stuff he wrote about, no disrespect to him, but um if you're going to look at candlesticks, this this is the real science behind it because you can really read real institutional order flow, real order flow, and you don't need to worry about how many contracts somebody wants to buy or sell above or below the marketplace because the number of those contracts absolutely has no bearing on where the market's going to go. Zero. Has zero bearing on how the market's going to go. You need to know where it's likely to reach for in in a direction and then look for key levels like this. Like I'm teaching you here over the last two weeks. I've given you insights about reading price action that nobody on this planet has ever talked about. I mean, I've talked about it with with my kids, but I've never shared it to the degree that I'm doing here in the last two weeks. And you can see how it overlaps with my PD race like perfectly. And by having that overlapping and confluence, it just makes the PD arrays stand out on your chart. And that means that you know which one to use now going forward. Right folks, I hope you enjoyed this one. Hope you got something out of it and thank you for your continued interest and I will talk to you again tomorrow, Lord willing. Until next time, be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Focus On Index Futures September 24, 2025 \ Intermediate Term High Continued
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DWi2wLWv30
================================================================================

Hey folks, welcome back. This is the focus on index futures and we'll be only looking at the Christmas and QE mini futures. September 24th, 2025. Lefthand chart is daily. We'll go over that in a moment. And then the one minute chart here on the right. Right. So we have this premium wick consequent encouragement in the upper quadrant lower quadrants and the high and low of it annotated here and then this premium wick. So make sure you keep track of what these levels are here on the daily chart and what you're looking at on the smaller time frame. So we have the pre-market session by buyside liquidity pool. So there's the opening at 9:30 Eastern time. So at that moment there's a minor buy side. Here's a more prominent PI sub pool and it's not likely to go up to this one here because we've we've already created that high in the pre-market session 7:00 in the morning. So, it's already done enough of a run up there and it's been rejected. Keeps going lower. So, this was the the buy side liquidity pull. aimed for, hit it, and then attacked the sell side this premium wick. You see it came right back up, hit the consequent encroachment level at 24,874 and a half. Breaks outside of the low of that premium wick here. So, it's trading right here now. Okay. And this first presented fair value got is a cibby not using 930. So this is the first one that formed. So this is the first fair value got and the market trades up into it and rejects and trades down to the lower quadrant. I'm sorry, the upper quadrant at 24,790 and a half of this premium wick here. That's here. So, we traded down to here and we bounced right back up into 24,836 area and created relative equal highs. Now, I'm going to move forward in the chart. Here's that first percent I got and then that bounce off of it in the relative equal highs and we consolidated around the high of this candle's wick meandering around and then we broke lower but fair value got this bearish here after leaving this block of price action while bearish trading right back up into this this is model 2022 because we had buy side taken here shift in market structure trade back up into a fair value gap that's in a premium and then breaks lower here's is a breaker. So high, low, higher, high, bearish breaker trading into it there. And we have an order block that's bearish, which is change in the state of delivery. Breaks lower breakaway gap as it leaves consequent encroachment of this premium wick. So where's it going to reach for? We have this area here, but this fair value gap is it's basically creating a sell outside the coding pool. So it's more likely we're going to trade out into this area here. So having the quadrants on that creating that price swing. So the low of that candlestick is the high of the fair value gap consequent encouragement upper quadrant lower quadrant and the low of the fair value gap that's shaded in blue. So, it's trading right here at 24,655 right here getting down into that and then the lower quadrant there at 24,629 and a half. I apologize. I have very very poor eyesight now um between prescriptions. So, but as it breaks lower, we get into the the low That's 24,713 and 3/4 of this premium wick right there. And then it creates a measuring gap, breaks lower, bearish fair value gap, comes right back up, hits it again, then slams into the upper quadrant of the fair value gap there, and then we go off that consolidating. Right? You can see consolidation led to another deeper retracement up into this bearish survey gap. Extended over, breaks lower, comes back up into the low of this premium wick here. it starts consolidating around it and then trades right back up to the bearish fair value gap and goes into the close of the day just between the fair value gap and the quadrant of that premium wick right there. So hopefully you can see the the benefits of having the gradient levels over top of premium and discount wicks. the question about um why did I use one wick and not another? And it's because I start with the first one going to the left and I have those levels there on the chart and then I have this one would be the next one I would have on there. And I'm looking for the one that the algorithm is respecting. It's it's not likely that both of these when they're basically subsequent candlesticks like one after another that have wicks if for instance um if we plotted both of them the chances of them agreeing right over top of the same levels is it's not likely but even more so the chances of my PD arrays overlapping and converging with both of them being plottable on the chart is is not likely. So, what I was doing was, and this is the part where you're supposed to do this stuff on your chart, not just look at my my charts by having both of these plotted on yours, and it's not being shown here on the chart here, but if you plot the discount wick on here and discount wick on here, and put the gradient levels on it, and watch how price was respecting or not respecting it, you'll see the reason why I chose the one I did. You have to watch what price is doing. Is it respecting one particular inefficiency or one particular wick and not another? So, it's not like here's a hard and fast rule that always works. You have to put some elbow grease into it and and apply some due diligence by looking for what the price action is actually doing. And it'll it'll be obvious which one you're supposed to be using. all the time. All the time. Like I mentioned on the very first lesson last Tuesday. You have to consider what wicks are available when you're trading alltime highs and use all of them. Go back and look at the rules. Okay, it's there. But it doesn't remove the workload for you to have them plotted on your chart and see if there's any validity to one wick over another. One wick will be respected and it's your job to determine which one that is while price is delivering and before the next move happens. Right folks, short, sweet, right to the point. I will touch base with you, Lord willing, tomorrow. Until then, I wish good luck and good trading.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Focus On Forex DXY EurUsd GbpUsd 09/24/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDFZ4p1BI1c
================================================================================

Right folks. All right. So, we're looking at the September 24th, 2025 focus on Forex. The usual suspects, dollar index, Euro dollar, and pound dollar. As a reminder, I I didn't do a review or lecture on the dollar or forex last night, and I stated that we would be waiting for the reaction off of the consequ encroachment of the inversion fair gap I mentioned on Monday night's lecture. So, we're going to review that here and you can see the response after having shared it with you on Monday. left-hand side daily chart. This is the cibby that we looked for uh the market to come back down into and not reach the midpoint and trade into the lower half. This little retracement back down into that area right there is this line here on the five-minute chart. As you can see, it hits it perfectly, stops dead in its tracks, consolidates around it, and runs up. uses the top of it here, shows discount sensitivity, and then starts to rally higher. So, I know that the common folk out there loving to find things to talk about and whatnot and they have to find their place in this world. So, what they've done is is they have tried to say that I've rebranded things that existed before me. Um, you'll never find this in anything. Like, you'll never see this taught anywhere prior to me ever mentioning it. Okay? No inversion for everybody you got. No consequent encouragement. No respect for the upper half. And I say these things because and I want to make this statement that way I don't have to say it again in the videos, but I do it a lot on social media. And here's the reason why. AI, artificial intelligence, okay, when you or anyone else asks questions, you know, who taught ICT? Who is ICT's mentor? Who taught ICT smart money concepts? you what did ICT rebrand? Okay, what it where is it getting the information from? It's going to go out there and hull accumulate all of the chatter online. So, the big push has been, and this is why I was always standing in front of it all the time. The big push is if there's enough of these Yahoos out there constantly putting it out there that I rebranded this, rebranded that. Here's the simplest thing. Whenever you see someone say that, ask for the book. Ask for the page number. Ask for the details how I teach these PDAs and the smart money concepts. Prior to 1996 is when I coined all these things. It never will appear. It ne here's here's even better. 2016 is when everybody started ripping me off because they took my paid mentorship, made their own little mentorships, their dollar menu, and they started doing all these things to try to make a name for themselves. Now, the people that have failed since then, since they couldn't beat me, okay, and they can't, you know, pretend to be like me because there ain't no one like me. The idea is if they can just put it out there in AI enough times, all the chat engines, okay, the chat GBT, the Grock, all those things, they're going to go out and look for the the opinion, the the accumulative opinion of what people are thinking or saying. Listen, public opinion isn't fact. It's just an opinion. Here's the facts. You can't come up with a source that I rebranded from. An order block is not supply and demand. Okay? I don't do anything with Woff. Again, I said this before, I'll say it again. If Woff was alive, he would be watching my videos and taking notes. And that makes some of you mad, but that's simply just the facts. Okay? So, I want you to remember anytime someone says that, ask them to site their source. Where are they getting? Because they never they never ever ever come forward with anything. No documentation, no book, no video, no anything. It's just they keep putting out there because someone else has said it and because everyone's so sensitive. They're so thin skinned and they want to fit in. That's what social media does. It makes you want to fit into a crowd. And that's why we have like a cultlike community here because everybody likes what they're learning from me. It's the cult of winning. And the bottom line is is it's sense of empowerment, feeling like you belong to something. Not just here with me, but anywhere. And that's what social media does. It cultivates that desire in all of us because we don't want to be alone. Well, in trading, you want to be alone. You want to be an island under yourself. Okay. So, I just want to toss this in there. I'm not going to put it in videos ever again. But the bottom line is there's no one that's going to be able to prove that I rebranded anything. All of my stuff, all of my stuff that I say is mine, it's mine. Period. So, you can see it delivering right to the tick. Okay? As I was indicating last week, I talked about this and it was delivering here perfectly on Tuesday and then given it time to expand, it rallies up and in fact it's the short-term little buy side in here trades back into the volume imbalances here. But we're going to look at another portion of price action. These quadrants being added, you can see how it's beautifully holding price in the upper half. That was the condition. I told you the algorithm that doesn't supposedly exist, right? The algorithm is going to keep price in the upper half and not trade in the lower half of a random area in price action that no other retail trader, educator, teacher ever talked about. Period. Now, either I'm very good at predicting the future or I know what I'm talking about because I authored it. This is proof delivering to the tick and then delivering up right out of there. Okay, even giving another kiss right in here before it leaves. Trading higher explosive run up into this premium wick. Okay, so this premium wick is part of this sell bounce by side and efficiency trading above this because we have relative equal highs. So what would be the next PD rate that would go above that? Well, you're going to look at the wick here. And every wick we treat like a gap. And how do we treat gaps? Just like I did down here. We grade them, okay? The high, upper quadrant, consequent quotient, midpoint, lower quadrant, and the low. And no, that is not quarters theory, okay? So, please stop emailing me about that. I have no affinity for it. It's just somebody else trying to do something, saying it was I'm hiding something. It has nothing to do with me, okay? Has absolutely nothing to do with me. And this is what I teach. Okay? It's quadrants on gaps and inefficiencies. Wicks are just like a gap. Okay? So, it's reaching up into this premium wick. You want to have these levels on your chart. That's these levels over here. So, here's the low of that premium wick on this day here. Here's the lower quadrant. And then here's the consequent encroachment. And they've left relative equal highs here. That's rather convenient. And this wick here, this premium wick. Now, why am I picking this one? This one's longer than this one. Let me go back one slide so you can see it. See, it's slightly higher than that one. That's why I'm annotating it. Okay. If we're if we're down here in the intraday portion of the day like like here and it's going to trade up higher. I don't want to just simply use this one when this is a lot more range. Well, not a lot more, but it's more range by contrast to this range. And they're right next to each other. So, which one am I going to use if I'm going to be using any gradients on a wick? This one. It's the higher reaching one. So, that's why this is being used here. You can see that the bodies are being respected. of the low of that premium wick and then the bodies are accumulating around here as well inside of a fair value gap. Then it rallies up. It comes back down and touches the high of it and then sends it in here. So there's an overlapping of these quadrants that need to be transposed into your lower time frame charts like a one minute chart. When here's here's the part where you write down your notes, folks. If you see a quadrant or a PD array that has gradient levels in it too, if that is sitting right with a PD array like a fair value gap, an order block, a breaker, it supercharges the the likelihood that it's going to be very sensitive. And if you apply time, what time of day? What day of week is it, you know, is it a macro time? It further increases the likelihood that it's going to be moving in what you would expect based on your analysis. Now, it doesn't equate to profitability because just because you can read price action, just because you can time the market doesn't mean that you can manage yourself or manage the risks of money management or trade management. It just means that doing these types of things will help make you better at tape reading, which is what I promise everyone. you will get better at reading the tape, reading the market live, watching what it's doing. But I can never promise any of you being profitable because there's a big barrier between knowing how to read price action correctly and accurately and profitable trading because you bring to the table lots of baggage. Everybody does some kind of a um hindrance, not trusting yourself, not feeling like you are deserving of it. um overconfidence, lack of confidence, ego, you know, this fear and greed, all these things and it could be many more things, but that's going to be the barrier. So, I've always maintained the consistency of reminding you that I can't prom and no one can either. So, it's not like someone can just slide on and say, "Oh, I can take that over for you, ICT." No one can promise you profitability. Guaranteed you they can cannot do it, folks. I promise you. Because if they could, they would be the biggest name in the industry. They would be the biggest name in the industry if they could guarantee that you're going to be profitable using their stuff. And I like to think of myself as having superior intellect in terms of how to read price action against everyone else. And I can't do that. So if I can't do that with the most superior concepts in the marketplace, nobody else is going to do that either. And you're welcome to find them. You're welcome to put them to the test, okay? But they're not going to be able to do it for you. I promise you that. All right. So here we're looking at again just moved forward in time a little bit in the same day here. Um the market reacted off of that inversion pair value got right here and we'll start putting in the PD race. Here's London open kill zone, New York open kill zone and the London close. Okay, so it's kind of like caps day for forex. I don't really like to look at anything in the afternoon the afternoon hours post noon time eastern time for forex or dollar index it's just there might be some moves then it might be simply just related to FOMC you know rate announcement stuff but generally there's really no real interesting price moves for me after 12:00 noon okay so if you're a forex guy or gal you like to you look at these markets and you are ever wondering what it is I'm considering in the afternoon I I'm considering anything, you know, I I'd be focusing on index features and in my paid mentorship, I taught just like that. So, it's not like it's a new flavor for me now. It's always been that way. All right. So, here is the PD raise. We have a bullish fair value gap, institutional orderflow entry drill, which is where it goes in just a little bit, but fails to even go to halfway or consequent encroachment. We have a breakaway gap here, and then we have the bullish fair value gap with the institutional orderflow entry drill. Again, once more, just trading in but not hitting the consequent encroachment halfway point. Bullish fair value gap here accumulates around the bounce current encroachment level hits the high but here sends price currenting higher into the premium wick look at the price over here 97649 that's this one here that's this wick low that's the low of that premium wick so once it trades into this here it comes back down in that's the upper quadrant of that premium wick and now it's a fair value you got touching it as well and it's also during a macro time hallelujah thank you Jesus there you go okay you got another unicorn in your repertoire now rallies higher can't find that in any kind of textbooks either but they're going to put it on Amazon books I promise you before Christmas there'll be dozens of books out there teaching what I'm teaching right now and they'll still be short on the information so the runs up into the high of the premium wick here which is 97.823. That's this here. And then we get into this premium wick. Okay. Now, a quadrant of that is 97861. That's here. And then fall short of reaching the consequent encroachment, but leaves relative equal highs here. Rolling over into Euro dollar. I'm going to save a little bit of time because I have to do a futures focus on futures video. I'm keeping them separate because I'm trying to get a feel for the community. Um where like where is the majority of the interest? Is it isn't in in Forex still or is it now in futures or is it B equal? It's something I'm trying to get a feel for. So, you know, whatever you guys are watching, I know some of you watch both because you just want to hear what I'm talking about. But the hardcore forex guys, they're just they're not interested in seeing futures. And I get it. I understand. But this is something I'm trying to get more data from. So here's Euro dollar daily chart on the lefth hand side. This was a buy side bounce sell sign efficiency. But when price trades down and through it, this becomes a inversion fair value. That's why the shade is orange. Whenever you see an orange rectangle on my charts, if it's an uplo candle that I'm anchoring to, okay, this is a buy sign balance sell efficiency and price is below it. I'm expecting this to act as an inversion fair value gap. That's that's basically what I'm saying. And the market trades up into here outside the box a little bit and then breaks aggressively lower during today. And that was on the basis of a higher dollar that was called last week. I said I was bullish. I wasn't wishy-washy. I said until it proves by going down lower through a inversion fair value gap that I'm going to stay with it being bullish. You can check me on that. Go watch the videos from last week and then watch Monday's video. But the uh the market crashes lower on Euro dollar on a higher run on dollar index. Now inside of that inversion fair gap I already have the gradient levels and I have this discount wick graded as well. And then we have the old inefficiency down here that I mentioned uh last week. So here is the London open kill zone for Euro. The market breaks lower after creating a fair value gap institution or entry drill there during the London open kill zone trades lower accumulates shorts around the consequent encouragement of the inversion fair value gap you can see that here that red line just check the chart over here at the price and you'll see it's this area in here so inside this daily range price is now sitting right here at that moment is yet to do any of this price action but then we break away with this gap here. It's leaving a consolidation in consequent encroachment of a higher time frame PD. So any gap left there, that's an easy way of classifying it as a breakaway gap. I just answered a lot of your questions. You guys asked me, how do you know about notice uh and annotating specific gaps and calling them breakaway gaps? This is one of those things right here. Okay, this is the stuff you're supposed to put in your journal. This is what you're supposed to write down. This is also what you're looking for all the time when you go through your analysis. Look for gaps that are inside consolidations or midpoints of higher time frame PD arrays. Again, not found in retail books. They'll talk about a breakaway gap after it's happened. It's it sells books. It sold books for a long time over the last few decades, but nobody's going to tell you but me. They're going to say nothing about what a breakaway gap is during real-time price action. But I've done that. I've done it on live streams. I've done it on Twitter. I've called it live and Telegram. I've done all these things. Okay? So the idea here is we see like the the market trade lower into the lower quadrant trades through it and then we have a civby here sell side of balance buy sign in efficiency. We have the institutional orderflow entry drill where it goes up and not fa it fails to get to midpoint consequent correction from the fair value gap breaks lower comes right back to the low of that inversion fair value gap. So we're trading right here at this price on the daily range right there. Okay. And the market starts going lower, creates another fair value gap, respects the consequent encroachment, and then breaks lower once more. CBY fair value gap, trades up to consequent encroachment again, and moves into this old inefficiency here in the green rectangle. We trade down to the low of it twice, comes back to the high of it. Okay, this is not classic support and resistance, folks. It's trading inside of an inefficiency during the New York open kill zone. Creates the high, trades lower. We have an immediate rebalance here. breaks lower, trades to the high of this discount wick, and then we trade to the lower quadrant here. That's this point right there. No. All right, continuing on with the British pound versus US dollar or cable. lefth hand chart is the daily chart and the five-minute chart is here on the right hand side. So on the lefth hand side we have this cibby here that I've graded and I didn't put any color on it because there's no there's no need for it. You can see the levels up here and then we have this fair value gap and I have this discount wick annotated, this discount wick annotated and this discount wick annotated. Okay. So, when you're looking at the lower time frame chart, anytime you see these levels here, all you have to do is look at the price, okay? These prices will tell you where you're at in proximity to the daily range and where you're at intraday. So, that way you're not going to get lost in the sauce. Okay. So, the market opens up inside that fair value gap. All right. So with it trading in the opening of that fair value gap that's bearish while dollar is bullish that's going to cause euro and pound to fall against the dollars rallying we have a London open kill zone sellside bounce by side efficiency institutional orderflow entry drill and then once more we trade back to it here so because I didn't want to have to cram in any kind of annotations there because I want to do it in one chart and be done uh I didn't annotate here but it's institutional or entry entry drill here and then we have the low tagged one more time of that fair value gap trades lower but also notice it's hitting it at at the same time it's consequent encouragement inside this inefficiency right here. So that price is 13506. 13506 is right in here. Okay. So the upper quadrant is 13574. That's this right here. So we opened traded higher and then went lower. This is during the um like the Asian session going into midnight area time. It doesn't show it on the chart because I want to have the whole run of the day from London session down. So I got this running there for a second. Just bear with me. I'm getting old. Okay. The fair value gap here trades up into consequent encroachment there. breaks lower accumulation around the low of that inefficiency of daily wick and that price comes in at 13487 two right here and right now we're in the daily range at this level here but it's right there and we trade away from it come back up hit it once more break lower we have a bullish fair value gap here that we went back and forth through and now we're below it trades back up to it here so it's an inversion fair value gap. Note the color. Then we have a sell side of balance buy sign efficiency here. Fair value gap. The bodies are respecting that and only stabs up just to get the inversion. Fair value gap breaks away here. So this is a measuring gap. It never filled it in again. And this is a bearish order block. We're breaking lower, but look at the overall run. This is about halfway from this high down to that low. So measuring gaps always about halfway and we're trading into now this inefficiency by the discount wick. We trade down low, hit the high of it, trade a lower quadrant, come back up to the high, hit the order block, which is a change in the state of delivery. Change in the state of delivery is the opening price of an upclose candle. It was rallying here. the algorithm changes gears and anything at that price or lower it will spool and reach for lower discount or sell side. So have a another inversion fair value gap. We have a bullish fair value gap that we trade down through. We trade back up to here reject and go lower during the New York open kill zone. We come out of that discount wick and now the next one would be in here. That's this level's here. So we have a small little fair gap. Trades to consequent encroachment there and then dips down into the upper quadrant. Doesn't quite get to the consequent encroachment which is the midpoint of this wick down here and it rallies up to the lower quadrant of this level here at 134 573. And that's the level right here right to the tick. Look at that at this is better than pivots folks. Okay? I promise you floor pivots they might work sometimes but when you comp you you basically compress everything I've taught about reading price action and including time and then you add these things to it. This is how you use inefficiencies in the wicks. Okay, I'm focusing this portion of the mentorship with just this principle here because it answers a lot of the questions you've had looming for years. How do you know which one this is what I'm doing? This is exactly what I'm doing. Okay? No, it's not Enigma. No, it's not in any other retail stuff. I didn't learn it from anybody else. No one else taught it to me. Okay? But this is what you're looking for. You're looking for a blending and a confluence of PDA rays and time. And if it happens to occur inside of old discount or premium wicks of candlesticks, you're going to have wonderful odds in your favor of seeing price action move like you want it to. Now, the problem is is you're going to either overstay your welcome, stay in the trade too long, or just not have the confidence enough to do anything with it. And that's just going to be the ball's in your court for that. You have to determine where you go. But the I can only just teach you how to read it. And you have to practice and learn how to do it better. But then the market just consolidates around the the low of that inefficiency right here. It's a beautiful sell off from this fair gap here down to a discount wick. Notice we didn't even have to break the range going into this low. See that? So, it's trading inside the range of what that candlestick's low and that candlestick's high. See, it's it's a whole lot more going on than what you think. And like this is the reason why I never run out of information or teaching concepts because it's vast. Like I could literally teach every single day for 4 hours and never run out of the teaching. I would run out of life before I would run out of teaching because there's so many things you can do. And once you understand the freedom that my concepts give you, all you have to do is find something that makes sense to you. What time of day can you trade? What market do you like to trade? What what PD arrays can you see? You only need one. I mean, look at all the ones in here. See, the problem is is you want to look at the ones up here or you want to be up here near the high in the open, which is not even shown in the chart here. Think about it. Like the highest point this uh price scale goes is 1.3515 and and that's right in here. it's not even getting up to the the fair value gap which you can look in Asians um into the midnight hours or so. You can see that forming that portion of cables high. So have that in your journal. But I'm focusing primarily on this because I just want to talk about the London session going into the New York session and then going down into the London close where it creates the opposite end of the daily range which is what you saw down here. There it is. So, anything that's formed a low in in this period here, I'm going to be content with that probably being very close to the low if I'm bearish. And I told you last week I'm bullish on dollar. I told you what I was looking for, exactly what price level I was looking for. The consequ encouragement of that inversion fair value gap that hadn't even formed yet. Find that in these dollar mentor uh dollar mentorships that are going around here. They're not even calling it ICT anymore. They're using my language still. They're using my terms, but they don't ever say anything about it's ICT. Okay? You will judge them by their fruits. If they cannot do it like I tell you and show you, they can't teach it. They can only talk about like yesterday's news. Okay? I'm I'm the weather man. I'm telling you what the weather's going to be tomorrow and the next day and the next day out. They're telling you what the headlines are about yesterday. They're telling you who won the football game yesterday, who who's who's going to the World Series because this was the outcome of this game or that game. Okay? I'm not doing that. I'm telling you in advance where it's going to go. And I'm using higher time frame charts because I've had so many complaints over the years that all I talk about is these lower time frames. Well, I'm teaching both right now, how to blend both. Whether you want to stay on the higher time frame daily or you want to use the lower time frames, it doesn't matter. You have now a balanced perspective of it. Right folks, hope you got something out of this one. If not, I don't want to hear about it. I'll talk to you next time. Be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Focus On Index Futures September 23, 2025 \ Intermediate Term High
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPCVZ2m3Dk8
================================================================================

back folks. So, we'll be looking at the focus on index futures. I'm not going to do the forex and dollar index. Uh it's pretty much a crummy technical day. dollar index pulled back into that inner middle of the inversion value gap as I was indicating last night and just hanging around there. So, we'll see if it gives up the ghost there or it finds some discount sensitivity there. So, we're playing it by ear at least that's what I'm doing. September 23rd, 2025. Focus on the next futures and this is December contract Christmas NQ NASDAQ mini futures. All right, if you recall last night, I mentioned that we were near a intermediate term high here and I want to kind of teach that tonight as to you know what led me to believe that it was going to do this today. So, we had this nice volume imbalance I mentioned when we were trading back here. It traded down into that, made the low, rejected off of that, and then it started going parabolic, going straight up, covering a lot of ground. And one of the I guess the easiest way to describe it is when it's breaking out to all new all-time highs and it's doing it in a lot of strength, leaving inefficiencies open. Uh not coming back down into the volume and balance here. It just keeps powering higher. And if it feels like if you were a brand new trader, you would just chase that going long any anywhere during the day. Uh that's usually indicative of when a blowoff type move or a intermediate term high is likely to form because the public seeing this. Okay. When street money sees these types of tearing higher in price, they just want to accumulate whatever long position they can and just hold on to it and think they can make a lot of money off of it. So, we're going to take a look at the one minute chart because that's where the intermediate term high is going to form. Okay, we're using the daily chart for bias and direction and key sensitive levels, but the structure is inside of the intraday chart. And since I'm taking you into the one minute chart on NQ all the time, uh we're going to be looking at this overall market structure here. I want you to take advantage of having these levels on your chart. not just on my visual representations here. So, put your quadrant levels on this premium wick and note the levels in here. And now just showing the upper quadrant and the consequent encroachment of this premium wick. So, I did not highlight the high, did not highlight the lower quadrant or the low of that premium wick. You can see that being showcased down here. So we have sell solidity relative equal lows and as I mentioned last night interm high. So if it's going to be an inter term high what could it likely draw down into? Well that premium wick here. Okay. Now classic support and resistance would say just take that old high draw that out in time and when it trades down there it should bounce. Well it it didn't do that did it? So we want to look inside these inefficiencies because they're just like gaps and by having the upper quadrant and consequent encroachment which defines whether or not this is going to be a attenuation of a you know deeper retracement or if it's just coming back down in here to consolidate and send it even higher. So we're going to take a look at a question that you might have. So, where is the intermediate term high? I want you take a look at the chart. Pause the video. I've done this past and a lot of times many of you just go real quickly through it. You don't take advantage of the opportunity to try to study it. So, pause the video and take a look at what you might think the intermediate term high is on this time frame, the one minute chart. All right, for those that didn't want to pause, you missed the opportunity. There's your enemy term high. Okay, so I'm going to zoom in a little bit and scroll over to the right side of the chart. And that same high is here. So we have a high, a lower high, and a lower high. and as a smaller little high here and here and here and here. So using what I learned from Larry Williams and this is his market structure application. Um it's very simplistic, it's very easy, it's visual. Um, I would admit that there is some measure of subjectivity to it, but over time and experience, you'll you'll see how to use the right swing highs and swing lows. And I'll kind of like mark this out with you to kind of draw the narrative on what I see here, what I saw today. So we had high low high lower low and that high there. So these are short-term highs. Interm high. Interm high is any high that has two lower short-term highs to the right and left of it. And we also have it in the smaller scale here because it's fractal. But now when this price leg starts to break lower and takes out these relative equal lows when I'm looking for an enemy term high as I indicated I was last night. This is a shift in market structure. So the market goes up into this consolidation right before the 9:30 opening. So it creates this like real smooth edge. And it's tricky because you might expect it to run up there and wipe out the buy side and then break lower. You have to wait. You have to wait for it to just tear off and go lower. So, we're going to look at all this price action in here. I'll zoom in. Here's that interm high. And here's those relative equal highs. And look how the market was just stabbing up air. Very volatile. Just punching up air, punching up air, punching up air, and then ripping lower, tearing off into that sell liquidity pool there, and then creating the first fair value, which we'll look at in a moment. We're going to scrum forward in time. So, here's those relative equal highs and the market breaks lower. Creates a little bit of an imbalance in here. Now, you might look at this small little gap right there and call that your first percent gap. And if you did, there's nothing wrong with that. Okay? But I like to use the more pronounced the obvious displacement one here. Okay. So, um while I'm showing you this, don't be discouraged if you see this small little section here cuz I told you it it can be one tick, but I'm going to be more likely to pick a inefficiency that's much more protracted. In other words, it's it's done more of a displacement in my direction being lower. uh I want to see it be you know very strong like it's shown here. So this is how I classified my first percent value gap today. The market breaks lower after touching into it here. Bodies respecting it creates a relative equal highs. Market trades down here. Consolidates digs right back up into that first area back up and the buy side's taken here. Breaks one more time. Leaves these relative equal highs. comes right back up into first possesses right back up and breaks lower and then breaks below this low as well and we're going to see going forward now we're gonna jump a little bit more in the future of the day in the chart now after the sell side is annotated so now we can have our reference point here so those two high uh two lows rather I was just showcasing and the market breaks lower comes back up into another reclaimed fair value gap there and the market creates relative equal lows again. Trades right back up into the reclaimed fair value gap, breaks below relative equal lows and the old sell side of the coded pole and trades up into a bearish fair value gap breaks lower consecutive of closed candles is your bearish order block and changes the delivery at that candle's open. accumulates more shorts by smart money breaks lower again. Bearish order block change in state of delivery. Smart money would accumulate new shorts in there adding. Same thing on this up close candle. Bearish order block change in state delivery trades up into it there. Smart money would be accumulating more shorts pyramiding adding breaking lower. Then we have a fair value gap here. It's bearish trade up into it. Notice all just the wicks just very very heavy as it's reaching for the upper quadrant of this premium wick. The check mark here it touches down on the daily objective of that upper quadrant. You can see that happening here as well. After that we have a little bit of a bounce up and this inefficiency that did not note and showing more data we just hammered it one more time. I mean, look at this. This is what you expect to see when you read books about classic support and resistance. This is not classic support and resistance. Okay? So, these are my concepts that I've gifted to the community and you're you're learning more about them and how to utilize them in this portion of my lectures. But the uh when they're used in concert with what everything else taught, it really gives you an X-ray view of what price is likely to rebound off of or draw to. And you can see this the beautiful uh respect over here with the bodies. The bodies here. Yes, you had wick action in here, but the bodies are accumulating around that same quadrant level and find this pulling back off the lows of the day. Hopefully, you'll get some more movement in the dollar index and the forex pairs tomorrow or on Thursday and I'll resume talking about them. But until it breaks out of where it's at now, it's nothing that I'm worth spending any time you doing anything with it. So, I'll keep my focus on the NASDAQ for now. And I appreciate all the very kind sentiments you all sending me by X and on my comments on the video or an email. I don't have the time to reply to everybody, so I'm just going to blanket respond to all of you. I am very thankful and I appreciate it. I know a lot of you don't look at dogs as anything that particular, but I am a pet lover. I'm I'm a I'm a dog dad and I've looked at her like a like one of my kids and it's very hurtful to see u that she's not in my home anymore. I had the two little ones here and they're running around the house sniffing and looking for and uh it just feels like there's a big hole punched in my heart right now and I'm just working through it. So, I appreciate it. Thank you again for your continued interest and hopefully you found this one insightful. Till talk to you next time. I wish you good luck and good trading.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Focus On Index Futures September 22, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OC-ilNjtYsM
================================================================================

Folks, welcome back. And today is September 22nd, 2025. This is focus on index futures and we'll be looking at the December contract for NASDAQ E- Mini futures. when I'm in a little bit better of a state of mind. I just lost a member of my family and you if you're a pet lover, if you're a pet parent, you uh you know what it's like losing some. So, I'm kind of going through that and I'm not quite really there. So, we're just going to look at the ENQ. I will be ringing in the uh the ES as well um when I have a little bit more opacity that's been focused on that in addition to just the ENQ. Right on the left hand side we have the December contract Christmas ENQ daily chart and on the right hand side it's the five-minute chart. As I mentioned, uh, we worked off this volume imbalance and really had a nice run up here last week. Friday, we used the volume imbalance as I mentioned in the recording for Friday. I told you have these quadrant levels on your chart and the market opened below and we're going to look at the opening range in the next slide here, but uh, we opened lower than where we closed on Friday. We traded lower down into consequent encroachment went just a little bit below it and then rejected all of that and came out and exploded to all-time highs above 25,000. So now I want to counsel you to remember how I taught you last week how it's very important to never really try to expect or or pick the top in a market that's trading at alltime highs because it can just keep going and you have no idea where it's going to go. Nobody does. Like I don't know. Nobody else is going to know. So, the only thing you can do is focus on taking continuous buy signals until they no longer work. That's the only strategy that's going to hold up over time when you're trading with a market that's continuously making all-time highs. But over here on the London session, uh, London kill zone here between 1:00 and 5:00 a.m. we have a nice fair value gap here. it drops down into the consequent encroachment of that premium wick. So, it's going to act as a discount array here. And notice it goes down in the lower half of it, but it doesn't spend much time there. This goes below here, accumulates at the consequent encroachment level there. And now look what it's doing. It fails to touch it again and then rallies up. Shift in market structure bullish fair value gap. Now, during the New York AM session, now I'm saying that because it's basically 7 am to 11:00 a.m., you can break that up into pre-market session or the A.M. session, regular trading hours at 9:30 to 11. Okay, that I'm just encapsulating this just for brevity sake. And we have a bullish fair value gap here. Trades into that perfectly, runs higher. We have a essentially a measuring gap. So if you look at the low to that gap there, it's about halfway between there and there. So between here and here, that's in close proximity to where a halfway point would be. And then we have a fair value gap that stays open, rallies off that bullish shoulder block, change in state of delivery after a retracement. The body's respecting that and then rallies higher, creating an an amazing, in my opinion, run above the 25,000 mark. Now, if we look at this through the lens of a one minute, we can see that we had relative equal lows here in Friday's session. And we're looking at regular trading hours now, not electronic trading hours. So, this will showcase the difference between previous days close and today's regular session opening at 9:30 Eastern time. So, sellside liquidity here. The market opens below that. The opening range here, first 30 minutes of trading is encapsulated with this darker uh gray box and I've graded that as well. So here's the lower quadrant, consequent crochet, upper quadrant. The market opening here trades up to consequent corroant which is 70% likelihood it's going to do that. There's a gap lower and then we trade up to the quadrant, the upper quadrant rather, hits it perfectly to the tick and then drops back down to the lower quadrant. the bodies respective, but it also trades one more time into this relatively cool uh low liquidity pool. Tags out one more time. Breakaway gap trades above short-term highs bullish gap there in a minor sellside liquidity pool after trading to last Friday's high but not breaching it. Trades lower, swipes the minor sell side that would have been trail on longs trading into the bullish fair gap there. Then we have another run higher shift in market structure on a lower time frame here. Bullish fair value gap trades to here. And notice it doesn't even trade to consequent encroachment but reverses its role in delivering lower price and now back in sync with going higher rips above last Friday's daily high by side liquidity pool and then creates a retracement in here. We're going to look at going to scrub the chart over a little bit. But notice this box in here. This is all going to be condensed and shortened in size as I move forward into the chart. Here's that area I was referring to. Now, we get to see the entirety of the day at the time of this snapshot. Those are those highs for last Friday's daily high side liquidity pool hits it. It drops down, which is a five minute bullish order block. So, I showed you the five-minute chart first. That's this order block there. So, it's going to look different because you're looking at through the lens of a one minute chart. So, when you're annotating your charts, make sure you're keeping track of what PD array you're annotating on a higher time frame when you drop down the lower time frame because this is going to be much more salient when you view it from the 5minute chart again. Then, we rally higher and this keeps pressing higher. Notice there's no lunchtime macro. No retracement back to here's 10 a.m. Find a low. Here's that one. And we have this one here to noon. Well, neither one of those were even traded to it because we're blasting off. The market's becoming parabolic. So, when it starts to do things like this, I'm not calling a top. It just means that we're probably near some kind of an intermediate term high forming. It's I don't believe it's there yet, but it's showing characteristics of it possibly, you know, forming maybe this week. All right, folks. Thanks for your patience today. I know I said I was going to have one for you this morning, but uh just not feeling it right now. So, I will talk to you tomorrow, Lord willing. Until I talk to you then, wish good luck and good trading.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Focus On Forex September 22, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcSH7zlQ1Zc
================================================================================

Hello folks, welcome back. So today is September 22nd, 2025 and this is the focus on forex. We're looking at the US dollar, fiber or eurod and pound dollar or cable. Right? This is the dollar index. The daily charts on the lefth hand side as I mentioned last week we traded up into this volume imbalance here and we traded one more time into that just breached the outside high end of it with the wick of daily range and I mentioned that there would be a likelihood of this down close candle and this up close candle uh becoming a inversion fair value gap. So, we saw some sensitivity here last Friday and it may need to come back down and retest that and trade into it. Now, since it's already responded on the upper quadrant of this CBI, which we've looked at and anticipated as a inversion for you, that's bullish. the midpoint of this cibby here, that red line here. Price needs to only be in the upper half. Now, it can touch the the midpoint. It's better that it doesn't. And if it starts to resume going higher and attack these relative equal highs after it trades into the inversion fair up on the daily chart, that might be the fuel that's required for it to trade up into say this liquidity pool. next on the daily chart. Overall, we're still inside of a large range, but I'm looking for signs that we've put an intermediate term low in. That's kind of like where we're at. A lot of wartime stuff on the news front. So, it's it's going to be very knee-jerk reactionary type responses in dollar index going forward into the end of the year. So, breaking it down on the five-minute chart, you can see we worked up in that daily volume imbalance. red area here is this area on the daily chart to the left. So you can see that little tiny little spike above on the daily chart. That's this here and crossing over the midnight into today's trading on the 22nd of September. The market breaks down creates a small little bearish value gap rate and consequent encroachment of that daily volume and balance. Note that I don't have the line on there because it would be too much in one, you know, single little area. And I want to kind of like summarize every market I cover on one screenshot like this. It allows me to get through it quickly and it's right straight through the point. So counsel us to put a mid level line on that rectangle on your daily chart with this volume of balance between the two candlestick bodies there. And you can see that it's respected that consequent encroachment with that bearish fair value. Market breaks down on the fair value got there. And notice it doesn't get up into the volume imbalance when it trades up into these two candlestick wicks. So that that bearish fair value got here, it sends price lower, attacking the sell side in here, deeper than it did the first time. There's a small little shallow uh probe of it here. Okay. Um then market breaks lower, goes into another fair value gap there as well. And I'm looking at this across these two candlesticks here because this was actually shown as a single fair value gap on the two I'm sorry on the 10-minute chart. So looking at that right there, I'm blending that. So anytime you ever see me annotate a chart, if I share a chart on Twitter or what we call X now, um it may look like I'm drawing the fair value gap incorrectly, but I'm looking at at a higher time frame. So for instance, this is showing a five-minute chart. Viewing this over the the lens of a 10-minute chart, this would be a single sell side of bounce by side efficiency. So that that fair value gap there is a 10-minute and it's just a matter of going through all the time frames and I go through a a myriad of different time frames. I don't just go through the static ones that everybody goes to. If there's a cluster or a consolidation of of price action, I'll go down to every single one minute interval. So what I mean by that is 1 minute 2 minute 3 minute 4 minute 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 and look for refinement in the inefficiency and it's something that you should be doing now when price is stretched out like for instance in this portion of the price run you wouldn't need to do something like that because you can see it on one or two and it's obvious where the imbalance is. So, the market reacts here. Look at the bodies respecting the consequent encroachment of this 10-minute, but remember, we're on a five-minute chart. And I know something like this I'm saying is going to be confusing to some of you, but I promise you, if you toggle your chart to 10-minute, you'll see what I'm referring to. But the midpoint or consequent correction is being respected by the bodies here. We break lower. We have a volume imbalance. Market creates a consolidation here. It spikes up into that volume imbalance, lays a candlestick wick right in there perfectly, and then sells off, gravitating back towards this potential inversion for Vat that might maybe lend to higher prices to take this out. or if it fails, this is the point here. If it fails and trades through the midpoint here and gets down into the lower quadrant, the likelihood of bullishness evaporates considerably, meaning that we may have to revisit that low and go a little bit lower. So, this is the catalyst or the line in the sand that determines for me uh what with what with the next leg in price action. Right now, I'm going to stick with like this potentially presenting itself as a bullish inversion fair value. Truth be told, I have no skin in the race on this. So, I don't care if I'm right or wrong because I'm not trading Forex, but lending my analysis and my opinion and counseling you not to use it as trade advice. Just observe it and study it and just kind of like peek over my shoulder and keep tabs on what you think versus what I think's going to happen. Maybe the market trades lower during the London kill zone at 5:00 a.m. Then we have a little consolidation. and it rolls over a little bit lower and we pick it back up at 7:00 in the morning which is a New York kill zone trades into a bearish fair value gap there trades lower right back into it once more to attack the relative equal lows were there sell side there and we have a New York session uh reversal trading back up and leaving these relative equal highs here breaks lower small little inefficiency in there I didn't draw and then we went lower once more and it looks like it wants to dig into this daily potential bullish inversion fair and again that's this area here which I stated would likely be an interest of mine should we go higher when we were trading on that day and then we went through it so the next day on Friday we open traded down into the upper quadrant which is this line here and then sent us up into the daily volume balance and once we got there we're pulling back down lower in the in an attempt maybe to see this act as a discount rate to send it one more time higher Right. The Euro dollar daily chart on the left. Uh I mentioned this inefficiency in the last passing of my commentary and euro and the bodies have perfectly respected that inefficiency while allowing the wicks to do the damage. So notice how we tell today trade below Friday's low. We traded into that. I'm going to counsel you to add the gradient levels on this discount wick. And you'll see something in here that I'm not showing you here, not because I want to hide it from you, but I like to leave little things in here for you to find on your own. And then bodies respect that bullish fair value gap and it rallies back up into this inefficiency that's shaded in yellow. This is a buy side balance, sell side efficiency, but now we're we went below it. So trading up to the midpoint, it would be bullish and continuous bullish if it goes above it and then trades. That's an inversion. I'm sorry, not inversion pair gap. It reclaimed bullish fair value gap in this yellow area on the London kill zone. We see a breakaway gap here trades back down into it. Immediate rebalance here that I don't want to annotate there because it's getting busy with a lot of annotations. You can add that to your own bullish fair gap there. And we have the market trade back down into another bullish fair value gap as well. And that's actually an order block, too, but I didn't want to add it because it's too many annotations. You can add it for yours. That's what I'm counseling you to do. Then we have this low, this high, and that lower low. So, that's a bullish breaker. And we have the order block, which is the two consecutive down close candles. And it's a change in a state of delivery. Bullish. So, we hit that. And also we're hitting the low of that volume of balance over I'm sorry not volume the fair value gap on the daily chart. We're seeing a hit here. So this green box area here during the kill zone is basically touching right there on the daily chart. And then we see the extrapolation to the upside a institutional flow entry drill here. Fair gap that doesn't get filled just by one tick. It trades below the high of it and then the consolidation here rips through it, trades up into the lower quadrant level at 1.17829. And that's this level here, the lower quadrant of this old bullish fair value gap. And we had multiple attempts in here to kill zone during the New York New York open. and we break lower to clear up the sell side here and then it springs higher after creating a fair value gap and trading into a propulsion block. This is the order block here but then this candle is higher trades down to halfway but doesn't close below the halfway and that's a definition for propulsion block. If you want to know more about the propulsion block, go to my 2016 mentorship playlist um month or I go through the PDAs, the basic PDAs, and I give you an overview of what they are, a simplistic overview. It's not a complete expose of them, but it'll give you more information about what it is. And then market springs through and gets up to the consequent encroachment making the higher high which is the consequent encroachment of this old buy sign balance sellside sign efficiency uh fair value right here's the British pound or cable daily chart left hand side I mentioned on Friday we traded down to this bullish fair value gap and the bodies were respecting consequent encroachment that's midpoint of that after taking out Friday's low so we have this wick here. I'm added in here and it's it's a little bit lighter in color versus the ones that are up here. So, just be mindful of the color change between these and this. And just look at your times and the price. So, that way you can see what reference points these levels are in relationship to the daily chart when we're looking over here because there's a lot of lines over here. So, whether we're bullish or bearish, the market will want to go back up into this wick and maybe even trade back up into this area here. So, this discount wick, bullish or bearish, it doesn't matter. I always look for price to try to gravitate back into these. Now, if I'm bullish, I want to see it trade into the upper quadrants. If I'm bearish, I want to see it find resistance in the lower half of these discount wicks. Okay? So, over here we have the London kill zone, the breakaway gap. Again, like on fiber, we have an institutional orflow entry drill, which is this candlestick. We trade one tick below the previous candle and leave the gap open. Then we have a fair value gap there. And it's also occurring right at the consequent encroachment of this bullish fair value gap. See the red line. That price right there is this price. So the market hits that. And we also have a a fair value gap and a order block which is change state delivery. It wicks through it just to tap the fair value gap and the consequent encroachment. There's times when my PD arrays will just allow the market to color outside the lines. When there's a confluence of PD arrays, that's why it's doing that little coloring outside the lines. It's not randomness. It's the fact that it's going to these more significant PD arrays that's in line with what the present narrative is. So, if the market's bullish, it's going to really come down here and offer an opportunity. If it's in close proximity, whatever the lowest PDA is in that cluster of price action, it'll reach for that one like it does here with the fair value. and the bodies are respecting that bullish fair value gap here and sends it higher once more accumulates around the upper quadrant of that old bullish value gap that's level here and then springs out of that comes back down in it's the low of the sellside liquidity pool of September 11th daily low that's this low right here okay so it sweeps the liquidity below that low here once more here once more here and look at the bodies you're expecting it here and then sends it higher accumulates around the lower quadrant of this wick right here. This is uh September 11th and then market runs higher, comes back to the lower quadrant and then this is the high of that September 11th daily discount wick. That's the open of this candlestick basically. So this wick is below the candlestick. So it's a discount wick and it's the high of it. That's this level right here. Entry, it trade right up into that. So, we're going to see what we see in regards to uh continuation. Should cable go higher. I just cleaned the chart up, took everything off, and just making mention of this. This is the present sellside imbalance that's trading into. And if we get above this high here, what I want to see is how we trade to, if at all, if we even get to the midpoint of that. If it's bullish, it'll have no problem getting up to the midpoint and go higher. If it's bearish, it may falter and roll over before getting here or it needs to trade to the upper um not the upper but the lower quadrant level here or this level and fail and then roll over. That would be indicative of weakness. So these are like the lines in the sand to determine because we're in a again we're in a consolidation with the dollar index and so many wartime uh events you know setting the stage for future you know military actions that's going to have a direct impact on the dollar. So it's kind of like a wait and see but these are the things I'm watching and hopefully it's insightful to you.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Trading All Time Highs and Disregarding TGIF
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4DOrfGau8w
================================================================================

Folks, welcome back. So, this is September 19th. This is Friday. Happy Friday. And before I get into it, I just want to let you know that I may not I may not be able to post a lecture on Saturday night. I'm going to do my very best, but if I don't, you'll have two of them on Monday. So, you'll have one on Monday morning and then Monday evening. So, that's the consolation prize. If if I can't pull it off uh tomorrow night because of family matters, um then I'll do my very best obviously on Monday to give you two lectures there. All right, so let's get into it here. Uh this lecture is going to be trading all-time highs and when to disregard TGIF. Thank god it's Friday. That's usually when we have a bullish week. you look for 20 to 30% as much as 40% retracement of the weekly range and or when you're bearish you expect to see uh the retracement of 20 to 30% in the weekly range or up to 40%. Either or. Uh obviously when we're at all-time highs, we want to disregard the TGIF because it can keep going and keep going and keep going. Right. So, we have NASDAQ daily chart on the lefth hand side and obviously it just keeps powering higher as I indicated this week it would. The right hand side is a one minute chart of NASDAQ. Again, this is the December contract for 2025. NASDAQ E- Mini, not the micro, it's the mini. All right. Right. So, the first thing we want to take a look at here is that small little volume imbalance there. So, where we opened up today while trading was going on, it was already up in here. It still had a volume imbalance there. And this drop down was overnight in the London session. Then we came up into here and then we came back down in and rallied back up into the latter portion of the day. And we'll look at that price action now. All right. All right. So, we have a premium wick here. Again, grading those wicks. So, we have the close of this candlestick here, the lower quadrant, consequent encroachment halfway point, upper quadrant, and the high. Okay. So, this is Thursday's premium wick graded. So, we are our quadrant levels on it. And then they appear over here on the left hand side. So, if you look at the intraday one minute chart, you can see how price ran right up into that. It swept it by a little bit. That's classic. And then we have a market breakdown and we'll look at this wick here and we'll talk about market structure shifts and the valid ones and what's not. But I mentioned on Twitter this morning that 24,735 I felt was suspect. Okay. And the reason why is obviously it's preession sellside liquidity. This gap in here is first presented fair value gap and we rally up and we draw right back down into it again. So it created a here failure to launch didn't take out that high trades back down in the bodies stay inside of the first part gap rallies hits the high over here. So it hits it here then breaks lower. This is not a market structure shift because it's a wick inside of a buy center balance sellside sign efficiency. So there's two PD arrays that are going to conflict. We don't want to look at that as a market structure shift. So it trades back up. Yes, this fair value gap. You could have went short there. I'm not trying to do that. Market breaks lower again here. And notice it's just finding sensitivity right at that fair value gaps low point. That was not meaningful. Didn't close. Didn't have a body down there. So, it just touched it. Rally back once more. Here's another fair value gap in here. You could you could take that short. There's nothing wrong with that short for you. I'm not taking that short. And then we had the market break lower. Trade back down into the first potential fair value gap. Look at the bodies. The wick trades down into it, but it doesn't breach it to the downside. Rallies once more into and trades up into that fair value gap there, which we continue through, which makes this what? A reclaimed bearish fair value gap. Now, this imbalance in here, we want to see it break through that. And around here, consequent encroachments trading there. And if you look real small, fair gap in that little area as well. So these are all things that were pertinent to this. And if you watch the trade that I I uploaded today on YouTube, um I didn't remember to put the uh the trade execution video in last night's upload, but I did since then add it. Okay. But uh I have to make a note to make sure I put this one in the comment section so that way you can see it for those that aren't aware what I'm talking about here. All these things were outlined real time and the market trades lower. It trades back down into the first potential fair value gap and notice it was here and here it was sensitive but now we're back into it again. A third time is not a charm. Okay, it's going to it's going to break through and targeting that sellside on that low and these relative equal lows here. So reaching for a pre-market session sellside liquidity and we get there. Now I showed in the trade example how when you get overzealous by taking your target which you first end up with here um that pre-market session sellside liquidity pool you want to take that when you're in a primary bullish market you want to take that like a tick or two above or right at it and worst case scenario maybe one tick below it because you can get these very fickle type reverses like this when it's an underlying bullish market. Now, it's a bearish market and you can extend those targets and try to reach for a little bit more, try to get a little bit more cream out of it. Well, I showed case that today and you saw that it was unwilling to get to my overzealous target. So, I had to take off two of them. Here's the example of the executions. Okay, you can see 24,798 right up in here. That's at the high end of the reclaimed fair value. And I added one more right at the upper quadrant level. Let's look at that price. 24,790.50. Phil 24,790.50 as you would expect from ICT. And then the market breaks lower and trades right back up into here. Could have added into this and broke lower. Immediate rebounds in here. Just delicious on the downside. Breaking lower. Touched the consequent encroachment here. Breaks and delivers right below 24,735. Then it has this kind of gnarly retracement in here. and then ultimately comes back down and does a much more meaningful uh slide lower, which is, you know, it's part of the game when you're trading uh short when it's primarily bullish. But if the setup's there, folks, take it when you have a little bit more experience. And I think I probably have a little bit more experience with ICT concepts than the next guy. So, I'm going to take them. I'm going to show you you what it looks like when you're doing it. Now later on in the afternoon, had I been in front of the charts, I would have been all over this bad boy, this little section of price action that volume of balance because we in fact traded back into that. So I'm extending the first potential fair gap over here into the afternoon. Here's where again where the entry short was and then my fill and then finally getting stopped out on last two cuz I trailed the stop loss to halfway point consequent encroachment of the first got that little gnarly retracement in here. Then it broke lower and then traded right down into that volume of balance on the daily chart. I mean, look how beautiful that is. That's this right here. So, we were up in here, up here, and came all the way back down intraday to there, then right back up. That's exactly what I explained on Tuesday's first lecture this week. Go back and listen to that again. This is exactly what I told you it would do. The market rallies up. Look at this. crazy rally back up. They're not letting anybody get on board with that. This is your only opportunity here. First part back up at the consequent encroachment. The bodies are expecting or I'm sorry, respecting and then sends it higher right up in here to take out that high. So, scrubbing this over again, seeing everything a little bit better, crunched and, you know, compressed today's initial high. And then the black line is Thursday's daily high. That's this right here. Okay, it runs that liquidity out and we have that liquidity being taken here and ultimately just keeps on powering higher almost to 24,900. So that was actually a um pretty impressive rally off that in the afternoon. But again, this is why you do not try to pick tops at all-time highs and look for reasons for to use that daily chart as I taught you over here. They're going to come back those imbalances that volume imbalance the fair value gap and inside these wicks. If you don't look at this stuff, it's going to completely go right past you and you'll never know it as an opportunity. All right, quickly into Forex. Here's the dollar index. And I've mentioned that if this starts to rally up, I want to see this act as an inversion fair value gap. And I graded that as well. And there's a volume imbalance right there. So with these levels here on the daily chart, transpose over to the five-minute chart. You can see how we drop down at midnight right at the upper quadrant level of that inversion fair value gap, rallies, comes right back down into a fair value gap and bullish breaker. see that hits there, rallies, and just keeps powering up into that daily volume imbalance. And then once it gets there, randomly, it just sells off and it moves into consolidation. So, this is kind of a a little bit of a tricky area to be trading dollar index. Not that I recommend trading dollar. I've never traded dollar index. It's simply a barometer to tell me if currencies should be bullish or bearish. And if it's risk on, risk off for uh all assets. Okay, switch up a little bit here. So, uh, pound dollar. This is cable. This is actually one of my favorite, uh, forex pairs to trade. And I traded this when I was a commodity trader, uh, trading the pound futures. The buy and balance sell side efficiency here. I greeted that as well. And the market starts to sell off as we expected with the euro to continue lower. The pound did the same thing. So, dollar was going higher. It moved above that range I told you I would I wanted to see and it would treat that inversion fair gap as a discount array. We've seen that and then the market breaks lower and trades right back into this fair gap. This discount wick, this is for your notes, okay? This is both forex and commodities and futures and whatever else you want to trade. Okay. Uh, if we open where we close, listen to what I'm saying on the daily chart. If we open where we closed, then we have a discount wick and we're bearish. You want to grade that that that discount wick because you're going to be able to use that in the first 30 minutes to an hour of trading and it'll be very sensitive to these levels. Here we can see we have True Day start which is midnight Eastern time. If you don't know what that is, go and look at my 2016 2017 paid mentorship content that I uploaded right to my YouTube channel. There's Yahoos out there trying to get you to pay for that stuff. It's all for free on my YouTube channel. All you have to do is go into the playlist and you'll see I have it broken up into every individual month. Um, and incidentally also people keep emailing asking me for the PDF files. the PDF files on the 2016 2017 mentorship. The only thing that was was the slides that you see in the video. So if you want that PDF, just screenshot every slide when I make a change because that's all that ever was. There was no additional notes. It was just for them to have something to scribble on and extra notes because there's lots of places on there where they could add it. Kind of like what I'm doing with here. Okay. But the they didn't get this. This is something new for, you know, public distribution. All right. So, Asian session buy side liquidity. The market trades up into that, sweeps, it breaks lower, and then comes right back up to a fair value. Got this in here, breakaway during London open kill zone. Now, when I trade forex, I'm looking at 1:00 a.m. to 5:00 a.m. That's my entire universe of London trading. So, I always make allowance for daylight savings time and all kinds of times for that may come around that. So, here's what I look at. If you ever want to know what's the actual times that Michael would have on his chart, it's 1:00 a.m. Eastern time to 5:00 a.m. Anywhere in there, I'm looking for a setup. Okay, so here we get that setup here. It breaks lower. Look at the body's respect and consequent encroachment of that wick over here. Dives into just short of the Fair Bay gap high here. And then we go into what? New York open kill zone 7 am market breaks down a little bit comes right back up to a bearish fair value gap and then tanks right into lower quadrant of the fair value gap over here on the daily chart for pound dollar. Really really nice little setups in here. This is just a dandy of a move on the London side and continuation in New York as you might expect digging into a discount array derived from the daily chart. Right, folks. That's it for this week. If you've liked what you seen this week, I promise, Lord willing, if I can come back because he's in charge of everything. He calls me home, I can't do anything about it, right? But we'll continue this obviously next week. And like I said, if I don't get the opportunity to upload a lecture on Saturday evening, you will have two of them. one of them on Monday morning before noon and then the standard 8:00 upload Eastern time uh Monday through Friday. Do enjoy your weekend. Do be safe and until I talk to you next time, I wish you good luck and good trading.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Trading Friday Sellside Under 1st Presented FVG
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POUT0pVs4U0
================================================================================

All right, folks. So, we are looking at a reclaimed fair value gap. I'll show you in a second. Just let me uh get this trade in. And the stop loss I'll put above this high here and the takerit we'll put right down there. Okay. And the fair value gap. I'll just use the line segment, the horizontal ray to annotate this and not a rectangle because I don't like fighting with it. Okay. So, I reclaimed the fair value got there. Right there. So, we want to see it now roll over and overlap all of this and attack that low after breaching here and then running into that area there. I'll add one more there. Now, once this trades below this quadrant level again in that low, I'll move the stop loss to just below above this swing high, but not before. As I indicated, the uh 24735 as a suspect level. It's it's simply just because it's when you can look at it, it looks too much of a like a foundation's been established down here with this area here and this area. here. Okay. So, lots of cell side below here. didn't quite get below the quadrant level yet. So, I'm going to keep the stop where it's at for now. Now, for those of you that are students of my first app that is there. Small little see. Just want to make sure my eyes are very very old now. Yeah, it's got a small little volume of balance in there. So that's why I've included that. So here's first presented fair value gap since this morning because all of this this drop down it was very efficiently back and forth back and forth back and forth and then we have this popup rate in there. You'll see that the fair bank gap exists. I'm not using this low low here because the volume imbalance up here exists. So even if even in a small little small little gap right here so start to sell off right in here. It's reasonable for it to act like it did here in the first value got gap because we're in an underlying bull market. So the algorithm does these types of things like it did here. It created a return back into the first percent of fair pay and then rallied up. But now we're getting this sell the high, sell the high, sell the highs. And there's lots of liquidity in here and here. So they'll overshoot that and take out the 735 easily. And I have my order resting at 737 and a half just because I want to make sure I get it peeled off. All right, as I said, I would drop the stop down just above that swing high once we pierced that lower quadrant. Let me see if I can finesse this. Get that right there. We'll see if I can get it. One more little false hope that's had to go higher. Another phantom bull flag. Basically much like this one was when we rallied up all this bull flagging. retail would have saw that and broke down, broke their heart, traded into the first resented fair value gap right there, then rallied up to a fair value gap and then broke down. Now, we're just hanging around that quadrant level. So, it's a sticking point for right now. I want to see this fair value gap with that volume imbalance keep price at bay and then take out that low and aggressively run right here. And then how we trade there is going to be indicative of what we do the rest of the day. Not trying to pick the top in the market, folks. Now, if this were like a Monday or Tuesday and it had done this, oops. If it had, you know, dropped down into this area here, that being a good long entry and then right here adding to it, you I would be strongly bullish for, you know, for this scenario. But because we've already moved up a great deal this week and it's Friday, I just think that they're going to cool the jets going into the weekend. So, it's easy to uh just simply expect it to take out just very lowhanging fruit objective sellside liquidity. Now we can see what I'm looking at. So the internal dialogue I'm I'm running through my mind is is how are we laying down candlestick bodies? Are they respecting that the fair value gap there as I would expect it to or are we piercing it with bodies above it and we're not seeing that. We're just seeing the little wicks go up there. So we want to see aggression to the downside so that way the NQ can break the hearts of longs and then attack the relative equal lowan here for 735 sellside as I tweeted earlier. that that level was suspect. We want to decisively leave that quadrant level. We don't want to be around it much longer. Start working its way lower. no market replay. Covered that up there earlier and I was thinking to myself, someone's going to say this is market replay. energetic series of black limousines. This right here is the club to be at right now. This is Club 54. Again, you don't know anything about that. We want to see it get down there. That's the spot to be. So, all the black limousines should go downtown to get to that level right there. That would be constructive. That would be a a good indication that the in crowd is here to the party. And then 7:35 will be in close proximity for the next hop. Once we take out that low here, stop will go down to break even and plus commission cost and fees. Not before. Now, admittedly, now this is probably a trade that most of you would probably admit if you're honest that you probably wouldn't be taking it. You're just probably watching it and seeing, you know, how it's behaving. And probably right about now, you you can see how this on your charts after the fact that it's that was used as a sell-off. And the benefit of studying price action live is you start to see these things and you build scenarios where you're practicing it. your tape reading and saying, "Okay, hypothetically, we'll see if this thing drops 10, 15, 20 handles before going against you 10, 15 handles." And it's not about the the R models, you know, what's the R multiple. You're just looking at can you read price and its next leg and delivery higher or lower, you know, cons consistently. In the beginning, no one's consistent. I wasn't in the beginning either. So it looks like immediate rebalance in here. So we want to see it start to really move lower now. I'm watching the consequent encroachment of this discount wick in here. Right here. I don't want to see any kind of dillydallying around. I want to see it really get down through that and show no respect of it. Just slam into that low. Go lower and then reach aggressively for this one. It's almost like I know what I'm talking about. These black limousines are starting to show up at the Club 54. So we're in consequent corrosion of the first percent value got right now. In case you haven't noticed that, that was what I indicated here with this buy sign balance sell sign and efficiency with the volume of balance up here towards the high end of it. Watch how it may use the high. If it leaves that gap in here, that's really good. I like to see that where it fails to get up to the high of it and touch this upper quadrant, not upper quad, upper line, the threshold high of the uh first value gap. Leaving that gap there is really good. It just seriously is not willing to even get back up to a premium array and just it should just wilt heavily. all bones. There you go. It touched that. So you can see it hit the high at the first value got. So now we want to see it roll over and explore and probe not only below that low but below the low threshold of the first present pair value got there's liquidity resting there but the larger pool liquidity is right in here. Um I appreciate it if you guys are getting anything off of these uh examples when I'm doing it. Um, you can give the video a thumbs up. I promise it doesn't make me any more money to do that. It just encourages me to do uh to do more of it. I mean, obviously I'm going to do what I said I was going to do, but it actually it builds my morale about it because I know it's not an easy task to learn what I'm teaching, but if it's beneficial to you and you're and you're learning and I've just remembered I didn't move the stop down after it went down. Oh, no. I made the um I did that incorrect. I'm sorry. I said I was going to take that low out. But since it's it's spending a lot of time inside consequent encouragement, my subconscious is telling me, you know, put the stop down so that way I ain't got to worry about it. So, it's just the experience factor kicking in. But originally, I wanted to see it trade below that low. But because we're hanging around inside that midpoint of the consequent encroachment level of this first present gap, I want to see it really start to move lower. And now, because I don't have anything worrying about if I'm correct or wrong, I've replaced the the feelings of being wrong or not getting it right or loss or profitability. I replace that with indifference. now. So, I completely removed the necessity to worry about or even concern myself with the outcome and more in line with is it still doing the things I would expect it to do if it's going to keep going lower. So, I hope that kind of makes sense. So, now here's here's my question to you. First presented fair value gap is this area right here, that little gap. We've already used it here. The bodies respected it and then sent it higher. We went down into it here and then rallied and failed. And now we're down here into it again. What's the chances of it rallying, creating a higher high or stopping me out? Very, very low. So, where's the liquidity at? The opposing side is below down here where that 735 sellside level I told you that was suspect on Twitter earlier. And we're we're seeing the beginnings of that demise for those individuals that have their long positions with sell stops below that. So look what we did here. We sent we sent the price down below it but only with the wick. The bodies have stayed here. So we want to see the next candle or the the very next candle after it be strong down close candle. We want to basically what we're doing is we want to see this wick, this discount wick completely consumed, not left there. And that's how you know that proper order flow is indicating that you're on side or I'm on side. You don't need DOM. You don't need death of market. You don't need level two data. You don't need to know how many orders are down here or down here or above here. All of that is a red herring. It's a distraction. Like, you really don't need any of that stuff. I mean, it's really nonsense if you think about it because you're just looking at what's obvious. There's always going to be buy orders and sell orders above and below the marketplace. It's always that way and it's continuous delivery of that. So, we had this little sellside liquidity pool tapped into here [Music] and we'll just mark it like that. So, it's it's in very close proximity striking distance to the level I told you down here 735. So, I just want to see it just quickly just go down here and grab it and be done with it because it's Friday and I have things I want to get to. >> Hey, you're snoring, >> huh? You snoring, little girl? Right about now, ex is shaking her head saying, "This guy keeps calling it." And I'm dog whistling, baby. It's all it is. That's all I got to do. And it listens. Market is my sheep and it knows my voice. There's the 735s printed. So, let's see if I can get that overzealous target. I reached for the consequent encroachment of the first minutes of everybody got if it comes up and stoping out. It's okay. It got real close to my target. I'm going to peel off two just for the general principle. So this low here did in fact get pierced. The low came in at 734 even. So that that kind of means 735 was taken out, right? I think we can all agree in that. Now, what's the difference between picking a target like that 735 and that low, keeping it there, and having your limit order at that low, maybe one tick below, preferably two ticks before it. When you're shorting a market that's primarily bullish or a market that's bearish, a market that's underliningly bearish, having this a little bit more overzealous target, excuse me, uh would be more favorable when it's a bearish market. But when it's a bullish market, you fluffing up and and trying to squeeze more juice out of the lemon or bleed the rock. Basically, when you're in a bullish market demanding that your best exits be fulfilled, when you look for lower prices than you really should, when you're in a primary bullish market and you're shorting, it's frowned upon. These are the things I learned over the years, and I'm I'm showcasing it to you. There was nothing wrong with having the the limit order just above this this low over here. And there's a stop out there. So, it's not a matter of uh trying to get as much as you can. It's just a matter of knowing what's possible and being content with that. So, that's the example for today. Hopefully, you found this one insightful. And if you like this kind of stuff, give the video a thumbs up. It just it it really encourages me as a teacher and lets me know that uh you appreciate what it is I'm doing because I don't have to do it.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Trading Premarket and Regular Session Liquidity
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dA2CHAN1DzY
================================================================================

Welcome back folks. Today is September 18th, 2025 and today's session is going to be about trading pre-market and regular session liquidity. All right, so we're looking at the NASDAQ here on the lefth hand side as a daily chart. As you can see, everything I've been teaching so far this week has been panning out to script. And the right hand side chart is a one minute chart intraday for today's price action. So I want to take your attention to this candlestick here. This is a premium wick. Now I mentioned in the first session Tuesday because Monday was a patience lesson. I didn't post anything that night. But Tuesday, I posted about how the rules for when you're trading all-time highs or near all-time highs. You need to be grading all of the premium and discount wicks here. That's two days ago. So, when I said in the notes to cut through candles, just go over top of this candle like it's not even there and go right to it. It doesn't matter if there's five days, it doesn't matter if there's four days, if it's one day. you look back during the series of the run in the all-time highs or near all-time highs in close proximity to where you're trading at now. If there's any premium wick or discount wick, you need to grade it and we run the fib on it. So, it gives us the 25, the 50, and the 75 level. It's not really that important to have the high and the low. You can have that. I just do it this way because it keeps the chart clean. It helps me also when I'm trying to illustrate the things to you because there's less things to look at. One of the hardest things for me to do is to manage the information I'm trying to share because there's a lot of it coming at you. And I know many times you're wondering why did I pick this level? Why did I pick that level? And when I keep as little as I possibly can while exercising my experience by teaching it, it helps me focus on the things that I know are salient, but also keeps a lot of the things that you may would otherwise be asking about. Why didn't you use this candle? Why didn't you talk about this? Because these are the things that I used. Okay? So, I understand by repetition and experience, you'll get that same experience by spending time with me doing this. But if you're just watching this and you're not annotating the charts or the PDFs I'm sharing, if you're not printing them out or like typing over them or writing by hand observations, things that you are seeing, repeat things that are noteworthy for you in your present development, then you're wasting your time if you're not doing it. because just simply watching me being a spectator of what I'm showing and then using as you saw today. Um I shared the the recording of me doing the short this morning. It was an Enigma trade and I just toss that out there because I have had a lot of people emailing me asking me, "Does this person know your Enigma algorithm? Does this person know? Does this per No, they don't know." Okay. Uh, and the proof was that again today that I was selling at the high, which you'll see right in here, and then writing it down into a liquidity pool I shared beforehand on X. So, you want to grade those premium wicks. And I didn't have this graded because it would it would basically undermine everything that I was anticipating which has been expansion to the upside looking for higher highs as we were noting on Tuesday night in the first lecture this week. So this dashed line here is this dash line here on the one minute chart. Okay, just check it over here. 24,647 and a quarter. 24,647 and a quarter and then in the upper quadrant of this wick. Okay, the only thing we've done here is lay the fib on this candlestick's body to the high, noting the 75, 50, and 25% levels. The upper quadrant level of this wick comes in at 24,619 even. That's this level right here. And that's going to be pertinent in a a few minutes, but for right now, that's all you need to know. And these levels are no longer important for the rest of this uh production. But I'm keeping it here so that way you can track where everything is. When it's salient, I'll just highlight this one purple. And I'll remove these to draw your attention to what it is I want to show you. All right. So, we have pre-market start. Okay. Okay, so this is pre-market session start or open at 7:00 a.m. That's what the equities market is. And you can see how we had this really obvious smooth edged buy liquidity pool left there. And I mentioned on a very short little vignette, and I'm not going to include it here cuz it's for people that watch and follow me on X, uh, how I found this run here up into that liquidity pool. So everything above these relative equal highs, all of this in here was retail getting trapped offside and then they were going to drop it. I know you're going to ask me how did I know that? Because it's Thursday. Thursday is the day right before Friday obviously and the week ends and we can't trade anymore after 5:00 on Friday. So, when we have a really bullish week, as we've seen so far this week, it tends to create these either the high of the week forms on Thursday or it'll create these fake highs of the week and then it'll come back raging and blow out the high like it did today. So, I like to look for scenarios like this where they prime the market so retail sees as resistance. They drop it down so they think it's going to go lower. Then they run up here and gather all the buy stops that they left here trying to short it pre, you know, prematurely. So all of these little runs in here is just them accumulating short positions to trade down to the lower quadrant of that premium wick. Find that at okay. It's not there. So when price ran above this high here, I was really interested in seeing that as a short. Why? Because we were going into the 8:30 you news injection where we have volatility flood the market and it's all during a time when I anticipate this being manipulation and accumulating short positions by smart money which will be distributed lower offsetting here at minor sell side at pre-market session sell side and having an expectation of lower prices on a day when you're primarily bullish. You have to know exactly where you want to get out at. Otherwise, you'll marry the idea and and stay too long. So, I I elected to use this while I was making breakfast this morning. I was recording the trade and entering it, managing it and and given commentary over the phone. Okay. So, you saw that it's been shared on X and it's also uploaded to YouTube. I'll include the the link to watch that video um in the the comment section of this very video here. So, continuing on here, we're going to move a little bit forward in time. So, this is the pre-market session start or 7 a.m. the consolidation around the buy side where it accumulates it. And then right before the 8:30 news, they rally it up, taking out this short-term high and this high here. I want to be selling short right there. Even if it stops me by running higher, it doesn't matter to me. It's just a one of those things where you're wrong. But everything here was suggesting because it's Thursday, they primed the market, you know, early on in London and then 7:00 they ran it up, did not break it down here, kept holding it. 8:30 as we approach that. That's going to be the next wave of basically a price run. So, we have one starting at 7 o'clock. It ran into the liquidity. I outlined that on the little video. Boing X and then at 8:30 we're going to see a more significant intermediate term price run intraday. Then we have that here. Market breaks down. It consolidates and spends a little bit of time in here and finally gives up the ghost and trades lower. hits the first minor sellside liquidity pool and then trades down to the pre-market session sellside liquidity pool which I was looking for. There's a smaller little tiny little sellside liquidity pool but it's not worth mentioning here because it's so close to where this is. So this is the only one that's really noteworthy for your annotations and that buyside liquidity pool I just highlighted over here so that way you can reference what this was all about. So time and then price and then liquidity. Where is it going to draw to? Here and then draw down to here. And moving forward, you can see this was a reclaimed bearish fair value gap. As I mentioned during the recording, I highlighted and showed that's why it was pausing in here. So this is time distortion inside of this fair value gap that we went above once we got back down below it. Now, this is a reclaim. It's not an inversion fair value gap. It's resuming its original characteristic at the formation of it, which is a cibby, which is bearish. If you trade back up to it, well, we're trading up to it here. It's consolidating, and there's a smaller little one inside this little area right in here. This pre-market session by side liquidity pool was created in all this consolidation. And that's right there is where I was going short. You can see it in the recording. market breaks lower. There's a small little fair value gap in here right at that low. Really nice little drive up into that. And then this is also an inversion fair value gap which later on after the the regular trading session begins at 9:30 it trades up into that. I'm showing you where I entered short. I added all in here inside that reclaimed bearish fair value gap and then it broke lower and then the limit order which is what you watch in the recording gets filled here now. Why didn't I hold for this objective or this objective if I'm going to sit here and talk to you like I'm sounding so smart right? Well, it's going against the underlying macro direction on the daily chart. So, I know I'm going against the grain. So, I want to be nimble and pick a lowhanging fruit objective to get out at. That means the pre-market session sell side of the coding pool, the low here. That's the easiest thing to reach for and it's a no-brainer. It it really offers a good reward. The risk was m you minor compared to the reward here. And it's high probability. It's not high probability to see it drop like this and expect it to trade down to the previous days. Well, not the previous days, but Monday's high, which is right here, or reaching down into the upper quadrant level of this wick, which would be this level here. So, notice while I got out here, it dropped down further, but then failed to get to that level there, which is this candlesticks high of that premium wick. So, by it not getting there and then retracing all the way back up and all this messy price delivery, I say that with tongue and cheek, but it reaches up into inversion fair gap and then comes back down and takes out these relative equal lows, digs into that upper quadrant level right here during the regular trading session. So, here's that regular trading session start time. We have a minor sellside liquidity pool here relative equal lows and then we have this minor buy side liquidity pool which watch what it's doing here while it's consolidating at 9:30 it drops down first that's a fake out then it drives up into the inversion fair value gap trapping what breakout artists that want to be buyers then they rake them across the coals to take out the sell side here and dig into this candlesticks high that daily high the dash line and then into the upper quadrant level of this premium wick, which is this 24,619. Once it trades there, then is a rejection away from that, then we have a nice little sugar rush where it runs right back over top of everything that was given and attacks the remaining stops here. Why? Because the market's primarily bullish. I mentioned this on Tuesday. Avoid when we're in all-time highs, avoid trying to pick the top. This is classic classic bait and switch. This is exactly what they do all the time. And they come back down and touch that old daily high. That's this high here. Retraces lower, then rallies and straight drive all the way up to clear this liquidity over here. Notice these quadrant levels in here. It trades up into the lower quadrant of this bas efficiency which is the inversion pera. So it hits that here as the opening range high. It drops down, hits the objective of the upper quadrant of the premium wick on the daily chart there, and then find support and discount sensitivity at this candlesticks high, the wick high, and then it starts to rally. This is the first presented fair value gap. I'm showing with the volume and balance here. And there's a small little volume and balance in there. Project that forward. We trade through it, come back down, use it as a discount array, and then sends it higher. Now, I've taken away the other quadrants on that premium wick as I mentioned earlier that I would and changed it to like a purple color. And that's it right here. So you can see clearly it drops down into that inside this range of the daily candlestick. You can't see what's going on but all of this is the architecture of that daily range being fulfilled and it rallies up and clears the buy side and again everything back as it is because I want to keep it on the chart and the news driven by side liquidity pool which is here gets taken out. rubbing forward. Fair value gap here is an inversion fair value gap. I'm going to go back up one so you can see what that is. Take a look at the price. Okay, around 24740. That's this one here. That reclaimed bearish fair value gap. I'm extending that forward. Okay, that's exactly what's going to happen here. And that's this one right here. So, what I'm showing you now inside of this box, I'm delineating at 10:00 a.m. When the market's bullish, the lunch macro will look for sellside liquidity when it's bullish. And the way you do it is you find 10:00 in the morning and you walk forward until you see a prominent swing low or the obvious one since 10:00 a.m. That's this one right here. You see that? So, lunch macro will seek sellside formed after 10:00 a.m. So, it's the first prominent sellside liquidity pool after 10 a.m. That's what it'll reach for. That's this one right here. So, we have a drive higher off of that inversion fair value gap that takes out the buy side here. Now, the lunch macro because we're approaching what time? 11:30. It'll start running for the lunch macro. The algorithm will pull back into the range and seek that liquidity right there. So it's lunch macro sellside liquidity and the buy side here. It runs that first. We have a fair value gap here. It's bearish. Trades up into here. Hits the consequent encroachment of that gap perfectly then breaks lower. There's a small little inefficiency that you'll see when we zoom in here. This is a volume imbalance with this candlestick volume of balance there. So that's these two lines are being I didn't want to have two rectangles shown. That's why I show it as a small little line segment versus two rectangles close to this one and this one. Anyway, a small little fairag there. And it it'll look much more obvious when I zoom in. But for now, I want you to look at what this is. You see that? Look at that. So, not only is it a launch macro sellside liquidity pool retracing into the daily range, but all over here to down here, watch all of this. We're going to zoom into this. This is a fractal. We're going to zoom into that. You're going to see it's my ICT market maker cell model. low accumulation, reaccumulation, smart reversal, lowrisk cell, distribution, redistribution, second stage. That right there is the best run lower and it'll quickly deliver to the standing liquidity or pending orders below that low. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. And then it pulls back up into the range that was created from here and here and basically became something I'm not interested in the rest of the day. All right, US dollar, as I mentioned last night, uh it would need to trade higher and then use the inversion fair value gap here that I don't have in the right color. I apologize, but I'm trying to keep it. So, it's reminding as soon as I see it, it's a forex pair or dollar based. And that's what we're we're looking at here. So, the market rallies off, comes above and look at the same quadrants I told you to have on your chart last night. Look what we did at midnight. We rallied up. We dropped down. Perfect delivery. Look at the Look at that. This is beautiful. Rallies up to the consequent encroachment. Then drops down. Colors outside the lines. Accumulates with the bodies right here on that lower quadrant level. That's the lower quadrant of the range between this volume and balance and that volume and balance there. That candlestick's open and that candlestick's closed. That's what we're measuring. put your fib on that on your daily dollar index and post the 2575 and the 50 level respectively and you'll get these levels here on a fiveminute chart. You can see it rallies up. Look at the body's respecting consequent encroachment. Look at the candlestick right here on the upper quadrant and then it sends it accumulates more small little pause that the body's respecting the high of that inefficiency and then rallies up taking out this high. If you measure the the low to this high here and do your standard uh 0.5 level negative uh you'll get around this high here as a swing projection which is kind of cute but the sensitivity here okay these are not pivots okay this is nothing in here is white off nothing in here supply and demand nothing's Elliot wave nothing is hir none of that stuff this is to simply looking at inefficiencies and measuring them and looking at them as the algorithm will. And I'm sorry if that's a hard thing for you to swallow, but that's just the truth. And then on the Euro dollar, I mentioned how we ran up here, hit that weekly um relative equal highs. The market has pulled back and we have this gap in here that's being measured with these gradient levels, the lower quadrant, consequent encroachment in the upper quadrant. And then I measured this premium wick here, which is not useful at the moment. I just have it on there because I want to have it in case we see some kind of movement up into these levels again. So, don't don't look at this thinking that I'm trying to indicate anything with it while it was here. These these are created when the run up happened, but now I have them on my chart. So, if we go back up into that range, they'll be salient to me at a later time. Over here, this was practical for today because it had already been formed two days ago, 3 days ago. So, or two days ago. Yeah. We have the run here at 2 a.m. creating the sell liquidity pool. High runs the high out. So, there's a buy side liquidity purge there. And here's venom rally up one candle. Remember I told you only takes one, but it can be a number of candles up here. And then you have a single pass candle down. So, up and down. And then we trade up into that candlestick right there. That's venom. Beautiful. sells off inversion fair value gap there hits it hits it again don't don't look at these levels right now because they're not pertinent for this period these are only salient and also there as a result of this premium wick forming today we have a fair value gap here breaks down consolidation in here measuring gap breaks lower institutional or entry drill which is a gap that only has one little candlestick pop above it like that. Doesn't even go to halfway point, breaks lower aggressively, takes the sell side and trades down into the fair bay gap between these two candles here on this one up close candle. Trades down to it there beautifully there and then trades back into the middle of the range of this gap between these three quadrant levels right here. So, that's what I got for today. Hopefully you found it insightful. Thank you for your continued interest. Until I talk to you next time, I wish good luck and good trading.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Trading FOMC Two Stage Delivery
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pW4-84U1RE
================================================================================

Hello folks, welcome back. Today is September 17th, 2025. Okay, and tonight's lecture is going to be on trading FOMC two-stage delivery. All right, so we're looking at the NASDAQ. uh we rolled over to December contract. In case you haven't noticed, the the volume open interest has increased to the degree that December is now higher and more active. All right. So, we're looking at on the left hand side, it's the daily chart for December contract of NASDAQ futures here. And then over here, we have a one minute candlestick chart for the same. Okay. And this handsome devil here, he's got his eye on you. Okay. So, um, for the folks that may want to ask, no, I'm not going to remove that because it's simply a matter of piracy. Uh, people take my stuff and pretend it's theirs. So, this way, there's only one of me. Okay. So, the the concepts I went over last night as it regards to trading all-time highs or or near all-time highs is to constantly look at very specific price points, volume balance, fair value gaps, the opens, closes, and try to avoid trying to pick the top. Now, it doesn't mean that once you're seasoned as a analyst that you can't look for shorts, but they have to be intraday, but the larger scale price runs are going to be more apt to be in line with going higher because, you know, it's impossible to pick the top. Okay? And anyone that tells you that they figured it out, they're lying. All right? So by looking at the intraday chart here, notice that this high and this high are relatively equal. And if you go back to the left a little bit more over here as well. And I'll counsel you to look at the open and close of yesterday's candle on the daily chart. Mark that out and you'll see that that's very close to running out these relatively highs. And that's what we have here at 9:30. We have a run up and it breaks lower. So we have a shift in market structure. And this is enough to indicate a shift in market structure bearishly. And then another swing low here. Then we have relative equal lows which we'll look at as minor sellside. And then we have a sellside liquidity pool here. Now, I'm going to show you by looking at where this sellside liquidity pool is in reference to this range here, this single up close candle on Monday. So, we're going to look at where this is in proximity to this range between this candlesticks low, this candlesticks high, and why it's more likely to come back down into this volume imbalance. and this fair value. Now, before I get any further, uh I did some trades today and I shorted in the morning here. I'll go over this and then I ordered once more in the afternoon at the FOMC just using the model 2022. So, it's not complicated. It's not Goldbach. I now have a student of mine that just insists that that's what it is and he's convinced other people that's what it is. I swear to you in Jesus name, it's not Goldbach. Okay? So, um if if you want to believe I'm I'm telling you something that's not true, then then run with it. Okay? But I I'm honestly telling you what I'm doing and what I teach and what I trade with has absolutely nothing to do with Gold Buck and no, it's not Enigma. Okay? So buy side liquidity pool here. We run up at 9:30 opening and then we break lower and then you know the drill for 2022's model. We run the fib from the high to low. We look for it to trade to a premium. That means it's got to go above 50%. Ideally, you can see a convergence with the standard flagship pattern of my channel, which was for a long time the optimal trade entry, which is simply just a 3/4 pullback in a impulsive price leg like this, and then running up higher into this small little inefficiency right there. So, we're going to look at a lot of these things in a moment in greater detail, but for now, uh, let's start fleshing out this lower time frame in relationship to that daily chart as well. So here's the buy side liquidity pool and here is the buy side imbalance sellside side and efficiency bissy which is a bullish fair value gap. Uh so we always want to grade that price swing but keep your eye on this candlesticks low right here. I had that noted with that short little trend line. That is this line right here. So that way we don't lose track of where we're at. And then this line right here on the daily chart is this level down here. So there are three blue lines on the one minute chart but it's only two on the daily. So the upper one here is just simply the buy side liquidity pool at 24,528 12. These lower two are in reference to this buy side balance side efficiency. All right. So we grade it. So the lower quadrant consequent encroachment midpoint upper quadrant and then levels itself that being here's the high of the daily bissy upper quadrant not quite encroachment midpoint lower quadrant and the low and then the southside liquidity pool here and then the first presented fair gap after 9:30 a.m. Eastern time. So that small little inefficiency. We'll we'll zoom in in a moment. You can see why I have it outlined as I have it here. And then we have a smaller minor side liquidity pool there. So running up taking by side and then dropping down southside liquidity pool here taken. And then notice what they did. They took it to this low and left that there. And then it rallied back up. This is classic model 2022. When it leaves larger intermediate term relative equal lows, this is a smaller minor relative equal low in relationship to that low and that low. So in other words, it goes down then rallies back up. This sellside liquidity pool here with this low here is unfinished business. Okay? Uh I'll have chapters um in the three books coming that I'll touch on each volume. I'll have more to say about unfinished business, but the idea is the market rallies up leaving the sell side or sell stops here intact, rallying up, which is a false hope rally for bulls and it goes up into first percent fair value gap and then sells off and cares down through the sell equity pool and goes right to consequent encroachment of the daily buy side efficiency. So, look at that price right here in the green. 24,447 12. That's what this is here. 24,447 1/2. It hits it right there. Then comes right back up to the upper quadrant at 24,473 and a quarter and then hits it dead on right there and sells off once more. Goes lower to the lower quadrant. these quadrants in my inefficiencies that I place emphasis on from the higher time frames down lower time frames. I grade all of them and they're more sensitive. They're more accurate than things like common floor pivots. Um you simple support and resistance ideas which is absolutely you know left to the device of the user. It's so subjective. is absolutely ridiculous to consider that while the idea of support and resistance is beneficial for someone that's brand new because you know you want to see how prices bounce at specific levels and and reject at specific levels above it but it's not as easy as simply saying well it's this high and that low because soon as you try to use it and try to think like that and the market's just going to go right on through it so that's why I've created these concepts where it's very very specific because it gets in sync with the algorithm that doesn't exist. Right? So, we're going to move the chart over a little bit in time. And you can clearly see now here, see that little volume imbalance right there? Separation between those candlesticks open and that candlesticks close. Then we have a smaller volume and bounce there as well. And that's why I'm not using this little segment right here, which you probably saw in your chart thinking that that might be it. But you always have to include the volume imbalance because the algorithm is going to refer to that as well. So the market drops down, sweeps into these corion of the daily bi here, and then rise back up, hits a dead bang on the upper quadrant. That's this line right here. So what we're looking at was looking at it going down to this level here and all the move from that point down here. So in other words, from this green line down to this low, this hasn't happened yet right here. So we hit the upper quadrant, we break down the consequent encroachment, break lower, come back to consequent encroachment as resistance. So this is a premium sensitivity drops lower, lower quadrant, lower and then comes back up. Now failure at consequent encroachment breaks lower premium sensitivity premium sensitivity at 24,421 a2 and then finally we get up to or down to rather this candlestick's high here. So that's this level that blue line is this blue line here indicating that that high right there. So last Friday's high from this high down to that low running a fib on it. What I'm highlighting here is the 79% and 62% retracement level. So this is optimal trade entry here and it overlaps. Look at our body stop inside of the first percent of fair value gap. But it's also halfway point 70.5. that little sweet spot I taught when the optimal trade entry hits that and breaks lower. Comes right back up into a small little gap right here. We'll look at that in a minute. Trades right up into it there. Slams into it. And it also keep cutting through. Look at that. You see that? That's beautiful. This is venom. So we have a convergence of fair value gap and venom because we have this pass through on the upside. This pass through on the downside. So it can appear just like that and it isolates all this price action right here. So it hits it and then moves lower. Nice little sellside bounce by efficiency here. Comes right back up, hits the consequent encroachment, sells off and then hits the low of that inefficiency. That in and of itself is enough for the morning session. You can hold for lower, but it's FOMC day. So, you want to be very surgical about what you're looking for. Get in, get out. So, you can see the premium sensitivity as indicated here. And it went much more lower than that of the sellside liquidity pools that we highlighted on just the one minute chart. So, it's important by having the levels that's indicated as I taught last night in lecture trading with all-time highs or around all-time highs. Uh, it's really important that you take your inefficiencies and you grade them and transpose those levels onto your lower time frames and you you'll start to see setups that were just always there, but you never noticed them before. All right. So now I highlighted this level here purple. You can see it's now discount sensitivity and that's what this is here. So this purple line is this purple line here. So that way we can track it. And now I'm zoomed in on the daily chart over here so we can see a little bit more detail. And right down here, this is a volume imbalance. And if you watch the the trade example I did today, because I was watching it and I was keyed up about the the FOMC announcement activity and the volatility that was created, I miscalled this as a as a fair value gap and it's a volume imbalance. That's what I was referring to. This is a fair value gap, but then this down here is a volume of balance. So, it was quicker and easier for me to say FVG in the in the typing while the trade was open. But, uh, to correct myself that way. You're I know some of you are probably thinking, uh, that's not that's a it's a volume bounce. If that's what you thought, you're correct. But, I'm I'm out there going, you know, live and it's can't you just can't do everything perfect. When you're trading, you're concentrating on and it's doing FOMC and you're trying to teach and you're trying to type. It's a whole lot of stuff going on. That's not It's not as easy as it looks. All right. So, and then we have this premium wick. I graded that. So, when you see these levels over here, uh this that level right there, 24,384.75, that's this level right here. So, it's the upper quadrant of this premium wick. A premium wick is any wick above a candle. And this is a discount wick. any wick that's below the candlestick body. Okay, so put that in your notes. And now I am grading the fair value gap here but including the volume of balance to that low. Okay. And you can't see those levels here because it's below. Now scrubbing over more into the day now the PM session. We can see the sensitivity around that 24,384.75 level, which is this one here. So, at this moment, price has done at 12:45. It's trading right in here. And just I'm sorry, right here. It's trading right here. And it's just fallen just above the consequent encouragement level right there. And again, this portion of the day had not been delivered yet. So, we're right about here at 12:45. Then we come back up. We find discount sensitivity here at the upper quadrant there. Now, it's going to trade back up to this level here, that blue line. That's this blue line right here. And it's easy to track it by saying 24,400 24,390. 24400 and then 390 is between these two prices. So that's what this blue line is here. So that's how you want to be navigating. And when you're when you're journaling, I'm actually doing the charting all the annotations for you. That that's the benefit of this this little suare together. You know, going into the holidays, you're encouraged to print the PDF out or type over them with your additional annotations, things that are pertinent to you. So I leave lots of empty space. That's why I've been doing it this way because it gives you room to type in here or write by hand. All this area over here, you can write in there and draw special attention to things that I may not have drawn that much attention to, but you have seen it and it means something to you. All right. And then the 2:00 hour, I've delineated that. And I've extended the first percent of your value gap here into the afternoon. It's something I teach. And 2 o'clock is now here. Price trades up into the first present fair value gap post 2 p.m. So the market breaks lower. We have a fair value gap that's formed here. We trade down into the upper quadrant of the fair value gap here between this candlesticks close. And this candle sticks below that quadrant, upper quadrant level at 24,297 3/4. That's this level right here. It trades down to it there and then rallies all the way back up to this little gap right there. So again, all this is is high to low, 3/4 pullback, optimal trade entry, fair value gap, model 2022, unfinished business, and then unfinished business down here in the volume imbalance. So the market trade up here. You watch me get stopped out on that run in here and then it breaks lower and finally gets into the volume imbalance. You can find that little snippet, the little vignette of the trade on my X account on what used to be called Twitter. It's sped up. This is a small little piece of it, but you actually see me not get my objective and I end up getting stopped out. I trail a stop loss. But you know in all this price action here I thought that we had enough to protect the short but it came back up snagged and then went down and got it here and rallies up sensitivity here on that same level there. So once it dropped down the volume and balance on the daily chart here there's going to do the second stage of delivery of of FOMC. And I'll show you in a second what that means. But here's 230. Usually there's a another wave of price action that begins at 230 and whatever the high or the low is, usually it'll run for it. But it first dropped down sticking true to form and the things I talked about last night. It went down to a se severe deep deep discount into that volume imbalance and then rallied all the way back up. straight shot. No pullbacks. High high relative equal comes back down. Lower quadrant that's here of this fair value gap. And you're going to want to watch this video a few times and also look at the charts in your own platform and compare and contrast and you'll see what it's doing here. But if you don't have your your journal with multiple time frames like this at minimum, you know what the daily charts doing and your trading time frame, you're not going to see what it is that you're trying to learn. You're you're obscuring your ability to follow along with price action. But it then rallies up consequent encouragement upper quadrant and then sends it through first percent gap and the relative equal highs here. So that initial intraday daily high here earlier in the day they take that out and then we start to consolidate in between the quadrant levels and first present the fair value gap. This is the first stage delivery where it sells off at 2 p.m. beginning of FOMC and then during the conference portion and pal tends to be a little bit like me. He likes to talk more than most people want to listen to. So it kind of like delays it a little bit. And then here we have it there and then all the way back up there picking out the buy side. And then the consolidation then basically is untradeable. And this is the second stage here from the low up to the buy side running the high of the day. But look at this run here. That right there. You wouldn't expect something like that had you not listened to the lecture I gave you last night. And for all you FX4ex freaks out there, this is the daily on dollar index. And dollar admittedly has been basically trash. Okay, it's unfortunate. You know, it's it's waiting for its digital version to be forced upon us. So, um, what I've done here is I've watched the low get taken out there and then we're retracing back up into this sell side of balance by side efficiency volume of balance and to that candlesticks body. There's a small little separation between here too. So, that's what I'm showing here. and the market trades right back up to consequent encouragement of that inefficiency. Until we get above this and we ignore the lower half of it and start building PD arrays that are bullish, I'm bearish on dollar until we do this very thing here where we we use this as constructive discount arrays and then building new bullish discount arrays that and shows price respecting it and going higher and starts tearing into these highs without rejection. I'm staying bearish on dollar. It can stay in a consolidation still like it's been for months, but I'm not bullish on dollar. Let's just say it that way. But they took us all the way down like this severely at 2:00 and then basically nothing that was worthwhile taking a trade on. I mean, I don't trade the dollar index. It's used as a barometer. It helps me determine the opposite direction for euro and and cable and any other dollar pair cross. And here's a euro and you go out to a weekly chart. And I I want to say I talked about these levels here when I was talking about euro, but I can't remember admittedly if I was talking to my private students or if it was something I said in a video or something I'd done on X. But I know I talked about these two relative equal highs here and I I simply just don't remember where I set it. So, um I'm I just wanted to put that out there, but it doesn't matter. This is where it went to. It reached up into that level there at 1.19087. That's this level here. And it was basically a really, really tight consolidation and straight shot right at 2:00. They rammed it up there first stage and then rejection after taking the relative equal highs here on the weekly chart dropped it out fell out and then this little area right here is the only thing that I would have considered tradable on euro and all that would have been was using the fair value gap here just to take out that low. As soon as it would have went below that low I would have been out. I would not have been holding on to it lower and that's the only thing I would have done with the Euro dollar. Now this is a fiveminute chart. So you know you got to take that for what it's worth. Admittedly you know Euro and and fiber or I'm sorry Euro and fiber are the same uh thing. I'm thinking cable. I haven't talked about forex in a while. Little rusty. um GBPUSD or cable and fiber which is EuroUSD. Uh those two currencies have been a little a little sloppy. I mean if you're in a really really smaller time frames less than one minute I mean there yeah there's scalps there you can take but it's just been really not very favorable which is why I haven't talked much about it but I will ring in Euro dollar. We'll talk about cable and maybe um other crosses, maybe some exotics, you like the beast or something like that. Euro yen. I don't like the yen crosses, but I know a lot of you guys are interested in looking at and having my opinion about them. So, I'll share it when it's pertinent. But for right now, uh that's going to do it for tonight. Thank you for your continued interest. I hope you found this insightful tonight. And until I talk to you next time, I wish you good luck and good trading.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Trading All Time Market Highs
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pn1OgwxlK4U
================================================================================

Hello folks, how are you? I hope you're doing well. So, tonight obviously is September 16th, 2025 and some of you got a little upset with me, didn't you? Last night was a lesson on patience. Now, I've done it in the past, but I promise I won't pull any shenanigans past that. But I wanted to show you how in this industry it's very important that you try to refrain from building a lot of anticipation expectation of doing something right away. And by priming you about a specific time, a very specific date in advance, it got you excited much like when you learn something new from me. Tonight we'll go over some things and I don't want you to run right out there tomorrow and try to apply all this and try to risk real money. That's the the last thing I want you to do. What I want you to do is build a library of information. Now I'm going to be making available all the lecture notes each time I do it and it'll be shared in the telegram channel and you can find the link in the last page of the the presentation tonight. It'll be in the lecture notes. Also, the hyperlink, you can go to my YouTube channel. Click on the description of my YouTube channel and scrub down to where it gives you the link to Twitter and my personal website. And at the bottom, you'll see the official Telegram channel link. Okay? There's a lot of fakes out there pretending to be me right now and doing a lot of scams, offering fake investment opportunities and crypto this and crypto that and or automated trading. I don't do any of those things, okay? Uh I'm not trying to hawk or sell anything to you in the Telegram channel and I'm never going to DM you in Telegram. If you DM me, I'm going to ignore you. Okay? So, tonight I'm going to be talking about the principle of trading all-time market highs. Now, admittedly, this is something that I had uh struggled with when I was a younger trader uh because I wanted to pick the tops. I figured the richest people in the world traded like that. So, I was trying to find that elusive recipe, if you will, and it doesn't exist. Okay? I can promise you that there is no one out there that's going to be able to tell you when a when a bull market is complete, especially when it's trading at all-time highs. It's a guess, okay? And if there was a science to that, um, I probably would be the person to know how to do it, but I don't believe it's possible. Okay? And the reason why is uh you don't know how far they're going to go with it. And they keep pressing the boundaries of discovery on what the extreme can be. Each day it'll make a new higher high. And the worst thing I had to discover was I missed a lot of really good buying opportunities in the past. So learning this skill set tonight isn't going to be a oneandone. You learn everything by watching this video. But I'm going to give you a lot of principles that at least helped me and helped a lot of my students over the decades of me teaching. So, let's get on with it. All right. Trading all-time highs in any market. Now, I have that slightly different in in the wording because I want you to understand that while I'm talking about this tonight over a NASDAQ chart, I know some of you that are all Forex only and you're already thinking, I'm never going to talk about Forex. I am going to talk about Forex. Everything I'm talking about tonight is applicable to Forex and futures and any other market. Okay? So when we get into the analysis, which won't start until 2 weeks from now. Okay? So I told you there'd be 10 fundamental and foundational studies and lectures. So there'll be one this Saturday. There won't be any on Saturday and Sunday normally. So this week, just because I gave you a little teaser last night and just to see who would complain so I could block them on my social media accounts. I don't want to see complainers. The idea is that we're going to teach the principles that I want to cover. They're topical studies. Okay? So, I'm not teaching a model. I've already taught enough models. I'm teaching topical studies that will help enhance the likelihood that you'll find success with what I already taught. Okay? So, it's not that I'm trying to reinvent the wheel or give you something new and shiny. I'm trying to build and beef up your present understanding. Okay? So that's really primarily what we're doing over the next couple months until we get into the second week of November and then I'll go on to my traditional holiday break. All right. So trading all-time highs in any market. When a market is trading at all-time highs, it is more likely that it will continue to post higher all-time highs. Key reference points in algorithmic price delivery. Look for price to trade under down close candles. closing prices. These are rejection blocks and they tend to promote new runs higher in price. If possible, look for all buy side and balance sellside in efficiency fair value gaps to offer redelivery prior to new legs higher in price. Grade all premium candle wicks and anticipate the gradient levels to offer discount sensitivity in price. Look through upclose candles and refer to the premium candle wicks. They need not be isolated. And I'll cover what that means in a few moments. Look for price to trade under up close candles closing prices. Near all-time highs, markets tend to overshoot previous close redely in the form of bear traps. Immediate rebalance is typically very strong and is likely to offer discount sensitivity. Avoid predicting the reversal high. In other words, simply stay bullish until the market proves to you that it's completely and utterly broke down and reversed. Now, that might sound scary. What happens if I get into a trade, Michael, and I'm long and the market completely collapses and hurts me and I lose money? That's part of this. You can't go through this industry and have a career where you never have anything bad happen to you. That's unfortunate because everyone comes into this industry like I did too and we think that we're going to be the exception. We're not going to find that very painful outcome. And if you're going to be trading markets that are trading at all-time highs, you either let the market go without you and trade something else or you submit to the idea that you want to keep taking buy signals and let money management and good trade management do its job. If you're not overleveraging, if you're not over well overtrading, pushing the boundaries of what you're really capable of weathering as a trader in terms of a loss, as long as you're not doing that, it won't take you out of the game. If you're fearful that it's going to take you out of the game on any one particular trade or one market condition setup, then you're probably over overleveraging and you're doing too much where the outcome of one single transaction will completely undermine you. And no trader should ever have their leverage or gearing on their trades that high. All right, so we're going to take a look at the chart here on the lefth hand side. And this is a daily chart. So we're not going to look at anything below a daily chart. So everything here is germanine to bias. It's germanine to narrative. How that's going to blend together and incorporate the idea and the aspects of all-time highs. Now this high here is the all-time high prior to the run higher that we've seen trading up to 24,43 and a half. So we're going to be looking at the central tenants I've covered here on the right in a list throughout the price action shown on the daily chart. So first we see that there is a sellside liquidity pool raid here. So that run rate right below that low it's taken the sellside liquidity here and then now it's going to start to gravitate back to this high here. Now before it gets there we have this short-term high. So, this is going to be the highest probability high it's going to trade to, but keeping with the rules, when we're trading near all-time highs, it's likely to continue to make higher highs, higher all-time highs. So, we would anticipate this high being taken out should it trade to it. But working from this low here, we'll start annotating everything. So, we have an up close candle here. the closing price of that candle. Notice the next candle we open and we trade down below it. So trading below that previous day's close, if there was a opening range gap, for instance, many times when we're trading at all-time highs or near all-time highs, trading right back to the previous day's close, it can overshoot it. And the reason why it does that is because there's a lot of people in this industry that understands the gap that forms from the previous day's close and where we open at 9:30 in the morning or whatever the uh the market opening price would be. That gap in efficiency gaps tend to rebalance trade back to them offer both buy side and sell side delivery in that gap and then price goes in the direction of the gap. But when we're trading near all-time highs, it tends to create these little bear traps where it doesn't just simply go back to the previous day's close, it goes beyond that and trades lower. What do you think the mindset is of the traders that sees that? They're going to think, "Wow, it's gone beyond just simply going back and closing any opening range gap. It's broke down and traded below the opening range gap and went lower." So, they're going to think what? The market's going to keep going lower. and they're going to think that the market is now topped. And that's what the market makers tend to do in this general market condition. These are just very generic principles that I live by as a trader. And if you incorporate them, you you're not going to be completely exempt from having anything bad happen to you. It doesn't mean you're not going to have losing trades or do it wrong. It just means that at least you won't be guessing like everyone else does because most every other individual out there, they're all going to try to pick the top. They're all expecting a crash. They're all trying to get the next big, you know, slide in price lower. And what I'm going to do is press on you to to think about how they're going to just keep taking it higher. So, this is what I mean by overshooting below the previous day's close right here. Next day we open and we trade down below that close. And traders that are looking for a collapse in price, they may even look at this as relative equal lows that the market may want to trade down there and take that out. Try to avoid that. Okay. And the next example here is immediate rebalance. This market creates a a nice big up close candle. We open here. We trade back down to the previous day's close. So what are they going to do? They're going to overshoot that. and it does it trades all the way back down to the day before this up close candle to offer an immediate rebalance. So, two principles there are happening. We're opening trading back to the previous stage close, but not just closing that gap and then going higher. It's closing that gap and going all the way back over top and redelivery back to this candle's high. That's immediate rebalance. When that happens, generally, you're going to see a very, very strong reaction. And there's going to be a lot of discount sensitivity, meaning that the market's going to treat that as a very strong discount PD array, and the market's going to immediately launch higher from there. And you can see that actually happens here. And then the next day, we open below the previous day's close, which is another tenant where we open, we trade down below the previous day's close. That's a rejection block. That closing price here on a down close candle and it's going to be rejected as you can see here. Comes right back up. But notice it doesn't take out that that candle's high. The next day we open, we got a small little gap there. So what's going to happen? It's going to it's going to probe. Okay? It's going to go below just closing that gap is what everybody's expecting, but it's going to go below that previous day's close and entice traders to do what? Be short. So we have that rejection block discount sensitivity on this candle and now we have this premium candle wick and we're grading that. So we have the lower quadrant consequent encroachment upper quadrant and we don't need the high and the low annotated. We're going to look at the chart to see what that is. But not notice the sensitivity here at the 75 quadrant. we open, reach the previous day's close. So, everyone that wants to see just simply the gap closure and then continue higher, they're getting toasted here. Trades down to that lower quadrant, overshoots it a little bit and then sends it higher, taking out the previous two days high. Then the next day, we have a higher open. We trade down to the previous day's close. Again, that gap is a trap to set for bears. it drops lower down to the 50% level of that premium candle wick. Again, we cut through these candles, all these premium candle wicks, keep them annotated because the market's going to go back into those levels again. When it overshoots the previous day's closing price, it's going to trap traders simply looking for the gap closure and then buying. It's it's going to go lower. It does this a lot. And I'm not expecting you to just simply use this because it looks like I'm cherry-picking. go back over old market data. Look at stocks. Stocks are really good with this. So, if you're a trader that wants to trade um you know, MISC stocks or NASDAQ stocks, uh this is a principle that repeats a lot with them as well. The the gaps tend to be a little bit larger there, too. So, it gives you a lot of volatility if you're if you're trying to day trade those um assets. I don't like the day trade stocks, but I just toss it out there for no extra charge. But we see the premium candle wick gradient discount sensitivity here on this candle. We open. We have a volume imbalance. We trade down to this premium candle wick and it's halfway point is the consequent encroachment. And notice how it trades right down to that. So, not only do we open here, we go back to the previous day's closing price. Most traders that are watching this on a day trading basis, they're going to see that and think, "Okay, well, it's gap closure. Now, it's going to rally because it's bullish." And the market just goes even lower. But goes right back to where I teach you to watch these premium candle wicks. The consequent encroachment hits it there beautifully and then trades higher. And the next day we open, come back to the previous day's close, overshoot it again to the downside, suckering in people thinking it's it's created a top. It has to have created a top and they get short and then market runs right over top of them again, reaching the all-time high as we indicated a little bit ago. So I want you to think about how using these principles, these very generic ideas that it's not complicated. They keep repeating and it keeps you on the on your toes about anticipating some measure of manipulation. So, this is what generally the retail traders get caught up in because they're chasing price, anticipating, hoping, and and praying basically that the market's going to break down and collapse. But all the market does is go back to these previous PDA rays algorithmically and then delivers and spools higher. And it's very frustrating if you don't know these things. Maybe you've been hurt. Maybe you've been trying to capture the the high in this market or another market. And you can go back and look at your trades and you can pretty much see that what you failed on is what I'm showing how you can avoid doing that in the future. And I'm not saying you're not going to take losing trades. I'm saying that at least you're going to know now how the market's algorithm reprices back into these very specific PDAs when they're trading at all-time highs or near all-time highs. Until the market completely collapses and shows you it's reversed, don't look for shorts. It's better for you to anticipate it like this because you'll get the lines portion of the move. You'll be on side. You'll be within the narrative. You'll be with the bias correctly. Higher time frame order flow is on your in your favor. And you'll be able to weather the daily range eb and flow up and down and get the lion's portion of the move. Hope you found this insightful. Thank you for your continued interest. Until next time, I wish you good luck and good trading.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: NQ 23400 Draw On Liquidity September 03, 2025 [Silent Example]
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QVRfxziw1I
================================================================================

[No English subtitles available]


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Storytellers Series - Daily High To Low June 21, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixKzHykP0CY
================================================================================

folks. Welcome back. We're going to be doing another episode of Storytellers and we are looking at the September contract for NQ for June 21st, 2025 for Friday's trading June 20th. All right, we're looking at the daily chart here and I'm going to take you quickly through this because you've been following me for a little bit of time, you know that we've been talking about that. If everybody got right there, that's February 24th, 2025 and those lines now. And zooming in, I I covered on a short little video for X on my X account, formerly known as Twitter. And I was posting these things before 5:00 in the morning, Eastern time. And I'll show you the link in the comment section so you can click and watch it and follow along that way so you can see what I said beforehand. It's one thing for me to talk about what price has done and give you an understanding about how narrative played a part in it. how I look at how framing a setup, looking for the opportunities, the areas at which the setups might form, how the bias, how the price should deliver, all those things that that takes a lot of experience and it's very frustrating in the beginning because you see me and a lot of my more mature veteran students that are able to do these types of things, they can articulate what they believe is going to happen in the marketplace before it happens. And that level of prognostication doesn't happen overnight. And as much as you want it to happen very quickly, no one's going to sell you a course. No one's going to be able to give you a mentorship. No one's ever going to do anything to speed that up for you individually. It's something that you have to work for. You earn that. Okay? And that's why learning from me and learning this way of trading is very expensive because it requires a great deal of effort on your part. And if you don't put a lot of effort into it, you're not going to get the results you're looking for. And it's always been taught that way. It's always been sold to the to the public that way that only the strong survive here. But I was talking about in that video, and it was posted at 4:50 a.m. Eastern time on Friday morning, so well before 9:30 opening. And I mentioned how the market was basically inside this range here that's shaded and it's going to take some kind of event and I believe it's going to be military related like out of the Middle East. I think that's going to be a catalyst to do that. And because it was Friday, because it was a day going into the weekend where there was no opportunity for anyone that's in the marketplace to remove themselves from risk, I felt that it was beneficial for you all to be reminded that don't expect, you know, new buying to send us to new highs. Okay. So I I referred to a very specific element of this daily chart and I was looking at that section right there and again this portion of this wick. So the midpoint or consequent encroachment of it to its close that was going to be the heart of where the setups that you as students would be able to find like a silver bullet, a market maker buy model entry, a market maker sell model entry, a unicorn setup, that type of thing where the obvious things that I've taught as flagship setups from this compendium I've put together and gifted to community at large globally, you'll be able to find your setups inside that little section of price action. But if you watch the video, and it's less than 8 minutes long, and again, I'll share that link in the comment section. So, if you quickly watch the video and don't see it in the comment section, refresh the video and you'll see that link. It's down there. Stop watching this video and go watch the video I posted on X. Okay. So, it'll explain to you what I expect in price, things that I don't expect to see and things that I do expect to see. So, it was hours before 9:30 opening. So, there was no way for me to use delayed data, no way to um game it, you know, try to trick you or anything like that. And it was just basically me using the experience that I've gained over three decades and using the skill set that I'm sharing with you. I'm I'm trying to teach you how to do these types of things, but it requires a long period of time doing back testing and then also explaining with your with the best of your understanding at present. When you do your logging in your journal, explain to yourself in commentary over top the chart with annotations as if you knew it was going to happen. And over time, because you're seeing these things repeat, you'll see that they constantly repeat. These same little signatures, these things I'm teaching you how price is going to respect certain levels at specific times. They tend to repeat a lot. And because of that exposure, you will by default gain experience that you can't purchase by a mentorship. You can't purchase it by reading a book. You can't gain that by being underneath to someone's signal service. Sure, you could have the the best trader out there that's live streaming and giving you the entry, giving you the stop loss, giving you the targets, but you're really not learning anything except codependency. And I'm not a mentor that does that. I'm teaching you all how to grab a pickaxe, grab a pan, and go out there and panhandle yourself. You're going to have to find it yourself. You're going to dig in the dirt, find your setups. And once you figure that skill set out for yourself, no one's going to convince you otherwise that you haven't found your niche, your your model, your plan, and you don't need to tinker with it. Once it starts making you consistent gains, that's it. you're locked in. Now, if you want to start another model above that, that's certainly up to you. But in the beginning, you need to slow down and don't look at all the things that I I share as shiny new objects. They're just something else I'm teaching because not everybody has an affinity for an order block. Nobody has an affinity that all of my concepts are going to be for them. They have one or two, maybe three at most, and they live there. They bloom where they're planted. And by me saying I think that this little area in here is salient to the bulk of what's going to be required as a trader that learns under me. You'll find yourself set up in that little red box. Now, I don't want you to take my word for it. You should listen to that little 8 minute or less video and you'll hear me talk like that. And then I talk about how because it's going into the weekend and the risks and the gap risk that's associated with doing that trading into the weekend if you were to hold over the weekend. We don't know what's going to happen on Saturday and Sunday of any given weekend. But right now because of the Iran, Israel, and the absolute guarantee that the US is going to get involved, we don't know what kind of repercussions that's going to bring about because everything gets a return. Everything gets a return. So sure, we might get out there and start lobbing missiles in there and calling it defending Israel. And I'm not on either side, folks. I I wish this wasn't going on at all. But it brings with it a great deal of risk to speculation. The markets are going to be hyper sensitive to that. So if something really unexpected or something extremely over the top happens over the weekend, we may see a large gap opening. And I'm suggesting because where we are at right now, nothing indicates that this market should go higher. Nothing indicates that it should go higher because there's so much risk and large deep pockets are not looking to go out there and say, "Well, you know what? I'm going to I'm going to put a large sum of money at risk right now because this is opportunity." It doesn't it doesn't bode well for that right now. Equities are sensitive to, you know, anything that may happen inside the United States domestically. If we're attacked on our own soil like Pearl Harbor, you know, that's going to cause the market to tank. And if we have a cyber attack and starts shutting down things, you know, that's going to cause concern because traders going to be like, "Well, let me get my profits out right now because what happens if the grid goes down or I can't get into my account to log out or get out of my trade?" They're just going to like, "Okay, I want to get out and that's it." So that level of concern is what I was trying to at least raise in the forefront of your mind on Friday morning at 4:50 a.m. Eastern time. That means New York local time for the folks that aren't privy about that. So I talked about how I didn't believe that the market was bullish. In other words, I didn't think it was going to go up, trade above this high, and then keep on trading up and take out that high. Like I didn't want to see it go attacking that high and then run up there cuz that would be bullish. That would be a scenario if I was bullish. That's exactly what I'd be looking for. Listen to what I said in that video. I state that I believe we're going to have the market overlap this wick down here. And there's the new week opening gap for this given week that it will overlap. and I talk about how I don't personally believe that it's going to go below new week opening gap low. Do not take my word for what I just said. You need to listen to the video. I cannot go back on the X or Twitter and edit that video. It's there. People already downloaded it. They already have it. And some people listen to it but didn't hear me. They didn't hear me. So again, it's me telling you in advance what I think is going to happen and what the market actually did and how I executed on it you're about to see now. But without stealing all the thunder from that 8minute video cuz I really talked longer than that video here, but I didn't see everything that was in that video. That high is Wednesday's daily high. So, we're going to see that line referencing Wednesday's high because Thursday was a holiday. We're looking at this through the lens of running above that high, stopping out anyone that is short and tricking individuals thinking that it's a breakout to the upside. So, retail is going to chase that. I state in that video that I am not interested in doing anything until 9:30 open. That's interesting. So, here we have the 1 hour chart. Now, I want you to think about how I taught in the past market structure and I taught how I use long-term highs, intermediate term highs, short-term highs. I learned that concept from Larry Williams, okay? and it served me well since 1995 and I believe it's still applicable today. For instance, we have this high right here. This high is a long-term high on this 1hour chart. Why? Because to the left of this swing high, we have a swing high that's lower than it. And to the right of it, we have this swing high that's lower than it. But then we have a high to the left of this one that's higher than that one. This is an intermediate term. This is an intermediate term high. Long-term high, intermittent term high, intermediate term high. And everything on the downside with all swing lows is basically the same thing. But we're also noticing that when we're looking at long-term highs and inate term highs, when you have these large imbalances inside them, and I taught this in lectures before, people that have been listening to me that are strong students, veteran students, they know that I said this intermittent and long-term highs that have imbalances in them are going to be high probability setups because this inefficiency is going to be much more meaningful than something that may form in a shortterm high like this or a short-term high like that even in here. So this long protracted buy side and balance sellside sign efficiency that's what I used as my framework on Friday. I extended this buy side and balance sell sign by side imbalance sellside inefficiency or bissy for short. You extend that forward. Okay, this is why I'm not supply and demand. Supply and demand is infancy. It's it's it's lacking a lot. It's a wonderful, wonderful beginning stepping stone better than classic support and resistance for someone that's brand new and they're just looking for something to study and it's not my work. But if you really want to understand the marketplace, you're going to have to look at inefficiencies, order blocks, and PD arrays the way I teach it. And you need to cast them forward as far as 60 days in advance or 60 days in the past. Look back and that frame of 120 days, the market's always dynamically referring to all of that. It's a it's a constant uh continuum of referring back to those same data points and those data points are my PD arrays, premium and discount arrays. So by extending this in the future going through all this going through all this we see on Friday morning it pumped up above Wednesday's high right here trades above it and goes to the upper quadrant and pierces it of this buy sign and bounce sell sign efficiency these lines here that's the upper quadrant consequent encouragement lower quadrant and the low I didn't want to put on it because I wanted you to see where that wick high is and that wick below. That's why it's no line on there. Okay, I'm just showing you the quadrant and the con um consequent encroachment level. So, take a note of these right here, these levels, what they are. And when we drop down, you'll know what that stuff is when we drop into a lower uh time frame chart. And this is that inefficiency on the daily chart or not inefficiency but the the section of price action where I said that you would see the bulk of you know the action for your setups that would yield the best they would occur inside that little segment of price action. Now, right away, you you can't appreciate what I I just said there because you're looking at all this runup, which is the Judah swing, and you're seeing all this run down here. And that's what you as a new student or someone that's an action hound, you know, the people that go and watch live streamers because they're they're thirsty, they're hungry, they want to get out there and just chase somebody else because they think they know something that they're never going to be able to learn. You're looking at all of the full range and you're not going to be able to do that as a new student. you're not going to be a new be able to participate in that as new traders. You don't know what you're doing. So, by me teaching you a way where you can just limit your focus to, okay, this is a segment of price action. Now, I just got to watch it in reference to time. And I'll talk about that in a moment. But inside this little red box here, that's that portion on the daily chart that I stated from Wednesday's consequent encroachment of its daily wick to its close. That's what this red section is here. This orange box here, this large orange box is this this here. So, just make sure that you take a mental screenshot of what you're looking at right here because when we go into lower time frames, you'll get lost in the sauce otherwise. All right, before I get into it, this was the magic that Mike, I hate being called Mike, but magic Mike here uh pulled off. Uh this was as I was looking at price. This is what I was using to u frame it. I was recording it and I use Camtasia Studio from TechSmith and something's happened with their most recent release in their software. Uh for whatever reason, it's happened to me half a dozen times now where I've recorded a video and all of a sudden either I'm doing something with hotkeys that it's sensitive to or it's just glitching and has a bug in it. But I was taking screenshots as this trade was panning out, proving that number one, I was in it. It was live. This whole business of going back and forth, doing screenshots, and then going to X, I was pausing the recording long enough for me to jump over to X because I didn't want to see my personal stuff as I was going through my web pages in the video. So, by simply pausing the recording, then I can go to another tab and show the X, post the chart that I just screenshot, and then come back to Trading View, and then unpause the video so live data can start coming again. Well, I I think in the process of doing that, it pauses me to still record, but it treats it as a screenshot on the screen. So, my chart did not update after a certain portion, and I don't know how to fix that. So, if anybody is using uh Camtasia Studios um software program like I do, I I've I pushed them in the past. But I got to be honest with you, if this is something that's just a problem or a glitch, then I have to I'll have to start complaining about it. But if you're using it and you've encountered something like that or you know a getar around or a fix to that, I would appreciate you you let me know on X you just something I could use to overcome it because it's not happened just on Friday. It's happened a half a dozen times just in the last month or so. And it makes me angry because I put a lot of work into managing trades. I'm putting in annotations and it doesn't appear because the the recording will play up to a certain point and then it stops and it just looks like a screenshot. But then my mouse, you can see my mouse moving around and it's going over to the buy button or the sell button, whatever I'm in. And you can see me, you know, going up and down with the cursor where if I'm moving the stop loss, but the chart looks just like this is here, like it's a static screenshot. So I I don't know how to overcome that. And it might be a simple fix. It might be something I'm doing stupid that I don't even realize I'm doing. But it is what it is. And I know I'm jawboning right now, but I want you to understand that I had this recorded, but it just doesn't have that full play out because I was pushing the uh screenshots into X as it was going along. And you can see me entering up here above the Wednesday daily high and inversion fair value gap and it drops down. Now, what you don't see here, what you do not see here is the high of February 24th's CIB because that's exactly what I was keying off of. That's exactly what I was keying off of that high level watermark of the CIB on February 24th on your daily chart for September 2025 NASDAQ futures. That level is what I was looking at. And as it was sweeping above it, I was using the candlesticks in here. I was trading in the consequent encroachment of that candle there. I'm sorry, rejection block of that candle. This candle's up close. Then this wick I used in this candle. I went into consequent encroachment there. And then I used the order block here changing state of delivery. And I went over this on X. So you can go watch that too. You can actually watch me do the execution entering in here. And you can see I left the screen like this. You can see it's not market replay. And I constantly show you that it's live data. So it's not anything fake. It's not, you know, delayed data. It's not like Ninja Trader where you can delay the data and do all kinds of, you know, malarkey with it. Everything is as it was happening. But more specifically, it was going to deliver as I said it was going to deliver in that little 7 minute and a few second long video at 4:50 a.m. Eastern time on Friday morning. So, as it dropped down in here, it went into that segment of price action I told you from the daily chart that this would be the bulk of where this the ideal scenarios for you as students would see. So, if this is a market maker sell model in here, you can do distribution and then the low of it here as it hits it. That's the unicorn. That's the second stage redistribution where the fastest delivery happens and it goes boom. There it is. Okay. Uh I was covering all this in here because my son, my youngest, who still lives with me, he had an appointment 11:00 in the morning and I was not told in advance. So I was trying to babysit this as long as I could, but I had to scale most of it off and left one contract on to get to new week opening gap high. And once it pierced that, it you can see it trading there. But I stated in that video at 450 I did not believe it was going to go below new week opening gap low and you don't see it happening there. Okay. And I'll show you the full data. Let's continue on. So here's the business. Here's February 24th's daily CBI high. That's that purple or blue line here. And there's a high level line that's just above that right in here. and the combination of the upper quadrant of this bice sign efficiency on the hourly chart. That's what that red line is. You can barely barely barely see it, but it's there. And then here's the consequent corrosion of this bent balance cell sign efficiency from the hourly chart. And here is the lower quadrant level. And there's no low or high level. remember because I didn't want that to show up in the hourly chart in this presentation. So it's this low of the rectangle here and the high of that rectangle is the high and low of that one hour civi I'm sorry bissy. So we have a confluence of the upper quadrant of that 1 hour buy and balance sell sign efficiency. It is the February 24th of 2025's daily high of its cibby which is the same we've been talking about for months. You see how this is a key level? See how awesome it is to know that these things repeat over and over again. Contrast that with classic support and resistance. How do you know the level that you are looking at or want to see it react to? How do you know it's going to have a reaction there? You don't know that, but I know I know that these levels are going to repeat. They're going to be extremely sensitive, especially at key times of the day. So, what do we have here? the market. Use that portion of price action. I told you where the bulk of the the the volume would be coming in for movement higher, movement lower. The best setups that I teach for the classic market maker buy model, marketmaker sell model setups, reaccumulation, accumulation, reaccumulation, smart money reversal. I was shorting at the very high candles using the logic that I teach with PDAs. That's not found in Wikoff. It's not found in any other. There's no other school of thought that teaches what I'm doing here. Nothing. I don't care what you hear people talk about and they put this crap out there on the internet. It is garbage. All that stuff is garbage. I literally am roasting them every single week proving that this stuff doesn't exist anywhere else. So, by seeing this candlestick here after it pierces above that, I know if I'm expecting it to drop down, because all this was was a Judah swing. It's rallying up there, building in a premium. And I I even tweeted or posted on X and said, "Built in a premium ahead of a wartime weekend. What could go wrong?" That was my little hint to you because if you watched the video at 4:50 a.m. that same morning on Friday, you already knew that I was bearish. You already knew that. I told you it was going to overlap the new week opening gap down here. Again, that up close candle there is going to be a inversion fair value gap. Why? Because it's going to go up here and drop. Look at the bodies respecting it there. See that? I know that if that happens and we rally up, it's eventually going to sail through it. If it trades back up to it again, that could be an area where I could add to the position. But this also is another inversion fair value gap, but it's the first presented fair value gap inside of 9:31 to 10:00 a.m. So extend that forward. Why is it going to be inversion? Because it's bearish. It's going up here to go lower. It consolidates in here. The bodies are respecting what? The lower half. That's exactly how I teach my PDAs. If you're bearish, you want to see them respecting the lower half only with the bodies and no trespass in the upper half of it when it's bearish and no trespass with the bodies to the lower half of it when it's bullish. It's very, very simple. That's not hard. That's not complicated. The market breaks lower outside of its 1 hour buy, balance, sell sign, and efficiency. And then once it does that, I want to see it start to pick up pace. Breaks lower. If you look at this level right here, this is the regular trading hours opening price on Friday. That's basically the 9:30 opening price uh right here right there. So from there it rallies up. So if we look at that opening price in relationship to where the previous day's close was and that you can see down here is 21,961.75 and that's regular trading hours closing price for June 19th, 2025. So, we have a premium gap. So, what is it likely to do? Pull back down to try to make an attempt to close the gap. Here's a setup inside that area. I told you that would be the bulk of every setup that you would want to look for. This easy lowhanging objectives where you can just get in there and take something. I've already taught it trades up to the high sells off consequent encroachment consolidates breaks lower boom gap closure draw to this minor sellside liquidity and then we have the February 24th of 2025 daily cibby low and it draws down from there all the way into that level and then keys off of that back up into that section of price action which is basically Wednesday's closing price and then what does it do? Sells off. Second stage distribution. I'm sorry, second stage redistribution. Sells off into the new opening gap as I said it would. As I said it would at 4:50 a.m. Here it is doing it at 11 o'clock in the morning. 6 hours plus later to a degree of precision that White Coff could never dream of. Elliot wave could never surf that wave. Couldn't do it. Couldn't stay on the board long enough. Market trades back up from near the low of the Enwog up to February 24th's daily CBY low. And then what is it what's it likely to do there? drop. Where's it drop down to? Upper quadrant consolidates in here and then we'll have to move a little bit further. But I'm going to show you stripping it away. I teach that there's a 70% likelihood that the consequent encroachment midpoint of the opening range gap would be hit by 10:00 a.m. Eastern time. Well, what do you know? I have the cursor on the screen as I did the screenshot here, and that's this candlestick right there. It's slamming into consequent encroachment of the opening range gap here. Nails it at 959. So delicious. There it is. Delivering exactly. That's algorithmic, folks. Okay. No one has ever taught you that. No one has ever said that. It's never been in print. It's never been taught even in any medium. None. But good old ICT gave it to you for free. Breaks lower. does all the business here and we're going to move forward in time. There's that breakdown here. Return back into regular trading hours close. That was uh Wednesday's closing price. And then it sells off, trades down almost to the NWOG's low back up to February 24th, 2025's daily cibby low. Trades down to upper quadrant. hits it again here. Sells off. Look at the bodies. Now, here's where ICT got it wrong. Ready? You listening? All the trolls are perked up now. He's admitting he did something wrong. Yeah. Well, you know, I wore the wear I wore the wrong pair of shorts today. My wife didn't tell me I look good with this shirt and these shorts. And sometimes that messes me up sometimes. But in regards to trading here, what I messed up was I said it wasn't going to go lower than in low. But look at the wicks. M. And see, I was wrong. Look at that. It just went below it. And this one went below it, too. But look at the bodies because the bodies tell you the story. The wicks do the damage. And I'm going to leave it up to you whether you believe that that is salient or not because price didn't do anything below that. There it is there. And it was marked time basically inside of NOAG. One more time hammered the February 24th, 2025 daily cibby low just to close in no man's land between Enwog high and daily cibby low from the February 24th. So I'm going to leave it up to you folks. I'm going to leave it up to you. If I wouldn't have had the last minute announcement by my youngest son that he had to be somewhere at 11:00, I would have been all over this more. But I'm a dad, too. Okay. And I did the best I could being in front of the chart and while I was driving with my son, I can't update and trade the trade through my phone. On the way home after I dropped him off, then I was texting and posting to X, you know, doing my, you know, usual facicious cells. But nonetheless, this is what was done. This is the story behind what price did. It was explained in advance how it would behave. And then using the very things that I taught and the levels I called out and the logic that I teach as it relates to opening range gap bias. It was bearish. I was not long. I was not bullish. I was not trying to buy it. Everything was perfect. And you can never ever ever improve on perfect. Look at this folks. That's a market make a sell model. Okay? I sold the high. I pyramided into the high. And I told you the narrative right here at 450. This is the the the post and I never delete a post on X. Twitter posts never get deleted by me. I have the ability to edit a post. I never edit a post. My word once it's placed in public, it's it. It's over. I I have to stand on it. Failure or success, it is what it is. And you'll hear me talk about this and I'll actually put the link in the the comment section. So again, if you don't see it right now, just refresh the video and it'll be there. But that's perfect, folks. Getting in here and then aiming for the inwall glow and saying it's not going to go lower. That's the high and the low of the day. And for the folks that really really really pay attention in the Twitter spaces when I really like the jawbone and drop little breadcrumbs, I I said that I I know the weather the third week of June. I dropped these little things in there because I want you to pick up on it. They're like little riddles. Knowing the daily high and the low before it ever forms. That sounds unheard of, doesn't it? But yet, here you have the proof of me doing it. There ain't nobody There ain't nobody walking this spinning rock that's ever going to replicate that. And I always always throw down the gauntlet. If you can do this, you'll prove it. Prove it just like I'm doing. Prove it. And they can't. They won't. They will never be able to do it. I don't care what you trade. I don't care what you make. I don't care how many contracts you move. I don't care how many accounts that you're pushing through these fake uh prop firm demo account things. I don't care none about none of that stuff. This is what matters to me. This this level of understanding, this level of foresight. There ain't nobody else like that. There's no one else like that. And that's the facts. That's the truth. And if it was anything but the truth, somebody else, all the people walking around on this planet, not one of them, not one of them can come out here and do what I just did, right? That's what makes me ICT. That's what makes me ICT. When you see the execution video and you see where I placed my stop loss, that was me just simply pissing in the cornflakes of every troll. I do that on purpose. I do that just to show you all who's talking to you. See, you think Demo Baller, you think the guy that rebranded everything, find this in anything else. It's nowhere. It's never happened before. Like I said, you're living in a GAN moment. You're living in a whiteoff moment. They're going to write books about what you're witnessing long after I'm gone. I'm a pioneer trailblazer. And guess what, folks? I didn't earn this. I didn't earn it. This was gifted to me. And if you don't want to believe in God, that's your business. But if it wasn't for him, I wouldn't have this skill. I wouldn't know this. And I wouldn't have the foresight. No one can figure this stuff out. Looking at price, no one can figure this life. This is this whole this whole panorama of what I've outlined. It's not a sampling of this that and the other thing. This is the market. This is the absolute market. And you're you're begging me all the time in closing. I'll say this. You're begging me to do this live so you can copy me. That's all this is. Every person that asks me to do that, I don't care if they make money or don't make money. They simply want to copy me. That's it. Who wouldn't? I would if we were in a different position. Like if if you were who I am talking right now and I had this skill set and I was listening to you, I would beg and plead, please, I want to copy you. I want to make money. I want to do these trades just like you. And I said this on Twitter or X this morning. The reason why I don't do this stuff in front of you is because the prices that I'm trying to get, they're very specific. They're very specific. How many people follow me? You know, the last time I did a live stream, I had 15,000 continuous watchers, but it went up to 21,000. What happens if just oh, I don't know, 10% of them, five% of them all try to get the same fill I'm aiming for, I'm probably not going to get filled. And a large degree of most of the other traders that are going to try to do the same thing, they're not going to get filled either because at every individual uh specific price level that I'm aiming for, there is not a limitless supply of liquidity at that price. Price will just move without me. So, it'll it'll it'll distort or throw off or thwart my edge, my my very specific element of entry. I'm going to make it handicapped by having all of you dog pile on it. And some of you actually might get the fill I'm aiming for, but I won't. And you've seen me trading with a live AMP account where my limit orders don't get filled. and I shared those publicly. Somebody else got filled, but I didn't. I wasn't wrong about the trade. I had to get out at a lower price instead of at the next to near high within five handles of the high. So, it's not that I'm hiding from you. I could give two shits what anybody thinks cuz nobody's calling it like me and they sure as hell ain't executing like me. And I have thrown down the gauntlet. Come bring your [ __ ] Mickey Mouse, because you can't do this. Nobody can do it. Nobody but good old Y ICT. I have proven it. I've documented it. I have literally laid down a trail that this all leads back to me. And that's the stuff that sounds arrogant. See, they take sound bites like that right there and they forget all the stuff that led up to it. Oh, this guy's a narcissist. He's egotistical. No, I'm combating AI because there's all these Froot Loops out there that are constantly talking nonsense, saying, I rebranded White Coff. That's straight [ __ ] Oh, you took this from that guy. You took that. Whatever I have used and grown as a trader, I've always credited Larry Williams. You heard it tonight here. Market structure using long-term highs, intermediate term highs, short-term highs. I look at the market through that lens as a setup is forming. I'm not every every swing high in market. I'm not doing that. When I'm looking at a setup that's about to develop hours in advance before the market opens up, then I'm going to start looking at the swing highs and swing lows and see, okay, does it really line up there? And the wonderful thing is is long-term and intermediate term highs and lows, they have cibbies and bissies in them. And I've said this before, you never hear that from white go off. You don't hear about that stuff in anybody else's discipline. It's not there, folks. It's not there. Listen, listen. It's millions of dollars. Millions of dollars is a bounty if you can find one of my PDA as I teach it in any. It used to be find everything. No, no, no, no. Just find one. Just find one of them how I teach it in anybody else's [ __ ] before 1996. How about this? I'll make it even better. A shorter time span. Find it before 2016. How about that? You can't find it, folks. And all these people that say it, you simply turn it around on them and say, if he's rebranded it, show me his stuff somewhere else as he teaches it. Done. It's over. They'll clam up and they'll just say, you're a cult member. You're brainwashed. And they walk away with no $5 million in their pocket. That's for sure. So anyway, I had a lot of fun this week. I had a great deal of fun on Friday. And I think that if you are a very critical thinker that holds a a firm grasp on common sense, you can clearly see that there's something here that's way beyond light years, way beyond everything else. That's it. There's nothing else to say about it. It's just simply technical science and you're talking to the dean of glean where it literally is being given to you gifted. Now, this was not Enigma. Enigma would smoke this. And my Enigma, not the stuff that these people out there pretending they got. They can use my name with it, but they don't have Enigma. They didn't short the highs like this. They didn't call the high and the low. They didn't do that. They did not do that. You will never Let me tell you something, folks. I could walk out in court any given day and do this? That's why I'm confident. That's why I'm absolutely borderline arrogant. Who's going to say I didn't do this? Who's going to say that I did not call this? Who's going to say that I didn't outline it and it delivered? And for some of you just showed up and started watching me on Friday, you know, you're gobsmacked. Because you can't you can't reconcile what just took place. How did how'd that happen? How how did you know that? Right? That's the question I want all of you to think about this weekend. If you're brand new, think about that. How could I know that? How could I know that? Because no [ __ ] live streamers out there talking about it. They didn't tell you what the high was going to be. They didn't tell you what the low is going to be. See, that's what separates me from the boys. I'll say price, you will not go past this. You will not do this. Do you know who I am? Do you know who I am? Cuz some of you just don't know. But a long time from now, you're going to look back and figure it all out. But for some of you, it'll be too late. And the folks that are just simply here for the ride and you just want to learn how to do it and be part of the community and not be some douchebag that wants to look for some kind of argument or straw man argument. They're the ones that are going to succeed. They're the ones that say, "You know what? I don't care about what anybody else thinks. I know I see something here that is beyond everything else in terms of precision, consistency, just real market wizardry." real market wizardry, market alchemy. Yeah. I take fear and greed and fear of missing out, uncertainty and confusion, and I take that and I turn it into precision. See, I understand when that market started rallying at 9:30 in the morning on Friday, that retail was thinking, "It's going to go to the moon, baby." And I step right in front of it. Short short short with a stop-loss. Nobody can repeat. Nobody can trade like that. There ain't nobody. I don't give a flying [ __ ] what you think you know, who you know, all that [ __ ] You will never see another [ __ ] do that ever. Ever like that. There ain't one like it. There ain't one like it. And I've been begging. I have been begging for 10 years for some guy or some gal to come out here and show me that they're more precise than I am. And guess what? They don't. Why? Because they're in my [ __ ] community taking notes.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - Keys To Success In Troubled Markets June 16, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6DHi1iXRW0
================================================================================

How you doing? How you doing folks? The uh NASDAQ June contract we're rolling out of that. So every time we talk about NASDAQ after this presentation here, it will be focusing on the September 2025 delivery contract month for NQ. And if I happen to talk about uh the ES or DAO, they would be also the September contract for 2025. All right. So, we're looking at the daily chart for NASDAQ, and I want to talk a little bit about the keys to success trading troubled markets. Now, a troubled market is obviously what we're engaging right now. And before we get into it, obviously this weekend, we just had a whole lot of stuff happened. I told you it's one for the history books. I told you we'd probably be seeing some uh exchanges between two countries and it's been pretty fierce. So, uh our heart goes out to to both countries and the innocent people that are being affected by it. But there's no winners in wars, folks. It's unfortunate. It's there's loss on both both sides. So, we're looking at the 21st of February. That's CBY, that down close candle here. And then we have this February 24th Tibby. And I have that graded. So has the Fibonacci levels on it. And this is just simply highlighted. That was an upside target that we had. And you clearly see that we did in fact hit it. Now, what is a troubled market? Well, the way I define it, it's where the market just has a unwillingness to go higher or lower and it starts sharing the previous candles or bars ranges and that's what we're seeing here. Okay, look at basically all of this price action on this wick. We dropped down then rallied up, came back in consequent encroachment of this candlesticks discount wick rallied up back inside of the 24th of February Sibby and traded up into 21st daily broke back down back into a fair value gap on the daily chart that's formed on the 3rd of June 2025 and we opened right at the low of that. You see that? and came right back up to consequent encroachment of the cibby of February 24th, 2025. And that's again this single cell side bounce side efficiency. Now some of you may be looking at this and saying you know why are you making such a big deal about that? Well, if you recall, I was giving guidance on NASDAQ that we would be bullish looking for prices to reach up into this gap when we were down here and it rallied up came back down in I said this would be an ideal scenario if it went below that low institutional orderful entry drill which is what we're seeing here and it rallied up and used this down close candle as an order block. It just kept driving up into this inefficiency with the extreme running up into this gap there. But it failed to get the consequent corion on that. Notice that long-term without trying to pick a top. I'm using these highs here as a relative equal high draw on liquidity daily chart. So I'm I'm not trying to pick a top. I'm still focusing on the likelihood that it could continuously grind higher even though it is difficult to you know position longer term and put a reasonable stop loss in there without taking exorbitant risk and the gap risk is such enormous um concern right now because of all the things that's going on over in the Middle East and domestically here in the United States. So there's a lot of stuff going on. And I'm not going to, you know, belabor the the topics and rec you re rehash and recover all that stuff I mentioned in posts on Twitter or X they call it now and any uh space I did over there. So, we're going to focus on these quadrant levels and ignore. Now, here's the thing. We clearly would agree that this swing low is obvious. Okay. So, that right there. And I'm going to make that large and maximize its width. Okay. And this right there. So, there are two significant pools of liquidity. near-term buy side, near-term sell side. Now, there are minor buyside liquidity pools. For instance, the one we have here on June 6th and 13th of June, which we didn't breach that so far uh this week, we opened at the low of the fair value gap there, which is probably random trading up into consequent encouragement of that gap right here. Okay. So, for the sake of keeping track of it, I'm going to show you that range and we're highlight it in something like uh let's let's use a very very light green. That way you'll know what I'm referring to based on the daily chart and these levels here. Okay, so all these levels are quadrants. This is the low, the lowest quadrant consequent encouragement midpoint upper quadrant and the high of this individual fair value gap which is a civby. We did the damage of running up into this gap there but failed to get to consequent encouragement. So that means it could. I'm not saying it will. I'm not saying that it is, but it could have topped on the short term and then might might we see the run into the sell side here that low and then under here and maybe so much as a return back down in here and fix some of this inefficiency in this buy sell side efficiency while leaving this high intact. It's on the table, but I'm not pressing it hard. In other words, I'm not trying to sell the idea to you as a viewer or a student that's tape reading with me because this is not trade advice for you folks. Okay? You know, despite the the accuracy of what you see me sharing and calling for in analysis, do not use what I'm talking about here as trade advice. Okay? Obviously, it's in it's meant to inspire you to watch price action, to get encouraged by the the topics and subject matter I teach on this channel and on my ex channel, but just remember the risks are exorbitant right now. Huge huge off the charts uh level type of risk. So, just be mindful of that. So, now that we have all this lipstick on the chart, I'm going to drop down into a one minute chart. Okay. And this morning I was watching the consequent encouragement level of actually I just realized I didn't. Let's go back into the daily chart. I got to highlight this and make sure it shows up in the lower time frames. All right. just transport ourselves right back down into the one minute chart out of shape here ICT got to get back into the rhythm all right so we have the consequent encroachment level of that February 24th daily civvy and that's the upper quadrant and And that's the high. See how we're working in the lower half. So in the lower half and you're going to hear my puppy snoring, Miss Piper over there. I am in such a holly jolly mood. I'm watching this while we're doing this video. The uh which is going to be useless to you, but it's just one of those things. I'm like a dog looking at squirrels. Squirrel. So it it runs up into it several times, leaves these relative equal highs. It punches through it, breaks down, doesn't take out the swing low. Notice that it comes back down into which you'll see when we get into a lower even lower time frame on the 30 second chart. There's a volume imbalance right in here. Then it rallies up once more, leaves the high intact, gives a fake bull flag. Okay? Because bull flags, you know, are nice little retail traps when you incorporate them with an algorithmic price level like the consequent encroachment level of that February 24th, 2025, which I have been beating to death for weeks for you to watch, study it. When you're when you're using analysis concepts from the retail uh collection, you're you're you're going to get a lot of frustration right now. Uh because the market is being very fickle, meaning that it's allowing for sentiment to build up because there's a lot of things going on around the world. And the next move that we see is probably going to be very significant. Whether it be up or down, it's going to be significant. And the longer they keep the market in this just, you know, I it's not necessarily a rangebound market, but it's staying inside of a chaotic portion of price action. So the way I define that is it's time distortion. Okay? So, it's they're holding the market in a holding pattern to afford traders time to build a bias, build a a narrative around what they think the market's going to do because there's a lot of risk right now and large money isn't just dog piling and pouring money into it. So they're going to let the market stay inside this chaotic price consolidation and then boom once they rip it out of it higher or lower that will encourage large deeper pockets to participate. Right now they're not participating. So to be a trader in this environment you have to be very very nimble. Okay. So the keys to success in a troubled market is stop thinking classic support and resistance. Okay. Stop doing that. I I I'm not a proponent of it anyway, but uh in these environments, you have to think differently and you got to think outside the box. So, by having a old array like I've mentioned, February 24th of 2025, there's no denying the fact that I've keyed your attention up to that very individual day and the context. You have to go through all the videos since I first mentioned it, you know, a couple months ago. So, you can track that the narrative as to how I used it. And now I'm going to give you a little bit better insight with it today. When you have a range like that where you can see the consequent encroachment level is this blue level here and we're having a difficult time getting above the uh midpoint up in the upper half. So if a market's bearish, you're going to see signatures like that. And then if it's going to be bearish and it's reacting off the consequent encroachment level, where could it trade down to the next level, which is the lower quadrant level? Well, because the market's fickle and it's being held in a range where buys and shorts are struggling to to find the courage to hold on to them. When the market finally does break below this swing low and this swing low right there, that's a shift in market structure. So now anything in here can be used as it's a premium array to get short and then aiming for low hanging fruit objectives which would be something like this low that gap right there that's an actual gap or liquidity void that low here that low or if you have the brass to hold for it the lower quadrant level and you can see it only gave you one opportunity right there and then it comes back up, fails to go lower. Rejection block, lowest down, close price, rallies up, buy side balance, sell sign efficiency, add the volume and balance there. Trades down into it here, rallies up, retracing back down into the uh the gap in here. It's um volume of balance trades down into it. Consequent encroachment of that volume of balance, then rallies up. Small little gap here. Trades through the high. Leaves this high intact here. Drops. What's that? Minor buy side. Drops back down in this gap. Complete closure. Rallies once more. Bullish fair value gap. Trade there. Strap run to the upside. Minor buy side taken. rallies up and just falls short of the consequent CR level at that February 24th, 2025's daily cibby. In here, when the market broke structure here, there's a volume imbalance. when we drop into the 30 second chart right there when it's that low also. So when the market broke lower premium ray would be in here. Now premium relative to what Michael that that level down here. So let's look at it this way because there's a lot of people that think they understand my theory of discount and premium they don't really but uh this break in structure soon as that breaking structure occurs right here or this one if you're looking at the one minute chart this breaken structure right there if you anchor that low down to that level right there. Anything at this level or higher is a premium for me. The way I use that is if there is a setup that I can be getting short in I afford myself at least 15 handles in the NASDAQ. If I can't get comfortably 15 handles out of it with spread considered on both sides, then I'm not going to take the trade. So you can see that in here it affords you if you're up here trading around the 70s or if we want to be conservative the 67s to the 52s in that range. That can afford you a opportunity to get 20 handles or net 15 with this with the slippage and and spread and andor the commission costs per contract. on the one minute chart inside this area also was a inversion fair value here right there and then the liquidity below there being taken but after failing to operate as a retail bull flag with the level I've been telling you to watch which is consequent encroachment of February 24th's daily cibby and this inefficiency here any retracement up in we want to see it stay below the half way point. So your stop loss would be anywhere in here or one tick or two above the midpoint because we want to see it rotate lower and it rallies up trades into it there and then breaks lower. Now, I have I have PD arrays, and I know that you guys are going to go all G stuff about this, but I have PD arrays that afford me very precise things, but I'm not going to teach them to you, but some of you ask a lot of times like, you know, how do you trust putting your stop loss at that level where it's just one tick away and it'll trade right back to it just by one tick and fail to hit the stop loss and then run away. You've seen hundreds and hundreds of me examples of me doing that uh both in forex and also in futures contracts. So uh one of the things that allows me to do that is I this is a PD array that I'm not going to teach you but it is unfortunately one of those bestkept secret type things. This is the range that I'm grading and it's this candle's high, this candle's low. the lower quadrant. If I'm bearish, I want to see it stay below the midpoint of that one minute in balance or sell sign bounce by sign efficiency in the 30 secondond chart. And this is not to teach you anything. I'm just answering a question but causing more questions to come up which is going to frustrate some of you. But as I said many times, there's a lot of things I'm guarding. I will never teach it. You can put a gun to my head. I'm never going to teach it to you. It's not going to happen. It's for my family members. It's for my children. And now, hello. I'm going to be a grandfather. Cody and his uh wife uh informed me yesterday for Father's Day uh that I'm going to be a pop pup. So, I'm so excited. I can't believe it. It's like the day is finally here. My wife and I are ecstatic. So, I kind of felt something was coming. Like, I just knew something really was brewing. And when they came over here, he he gave me a gift with uh his 3D printer. And as I picked it up, it was rattling. There was something in the back of it. And it was just like a little 3D printed thing. Guess Who's coming and uh the daughter's name or son's name was shared on it. And I'm not going to give that information out. It's too private. But u the point is these types of things I guard and it's not meant it's it's too good for the public. It's absolutely too good for the public. I would never put a price tag on it and teach it and I would never share it with anybody outside my family. But like I said, I have 81 of these things. But if you look the retracement up in uh look at the high of that candlestick right there on the 30 second chart, that's supposed to be noise Goldman. It is 21,777. That's the high. And that's also the lower quadrant level right there to the tick 21,777.00. So my stop loss can be one to two ticks above that. And that's how I'm doing a lot of the things that you see me do. Um, stop loss placement management like to that degree where I'm doing it where it's Olympic level. I'm never going to I'm never going to teach that to any of my students. That's just too good. It's not necessary and I've already taught how to manage a position with a a proper stop-loss that's reasonable. Now, quickly, you can use these ideas, you know, if it's something you understand, but you're never going to understand because I'm not going to teach it to you. And I know this is going to really piss people off and it's going to make them mad. But I've already warned you that there's some things that I'm not going to share. I'm not going to teach it to you, okay? I'm not going to. But to be fair to the individuals that genuinely have a concern for how I place my stop losses and manage them so ultra tight, it's these types of things behind the scenes that I'm never going to articulate or or make available because my stuff has already been adulterated to the degree where it's absolutely being abused by people that don't know how to trade with it and are selling mentorships and adding to it, saying that this is stuff that he's, you know, hiding. He didn't he didn't teach this in his YouTube channel, but it's really in the secret parts of his paid membership and all stuff. That's all Like I promise you that's They're just trying to rook you to get money from you. These types of things that I'm showing you here and many more of them. This and this ain't even all this is nothing. Like this is absolutely nothing. But when I'm managing stop-loss, this is one type of PD array that I use. Even though you think you might see it, might be figuring it out, and you're going to come out and have your own little interpretation of this, you're going to be wrong. I promise you. And if you if you don't believe me, have them trade with it in something like, you know, like a live account like that. So, the the reason why I cover that stuff up, folks, is because I'm not trying to push you into a brokerage firm. I'm not selling uh the attention to a specific broker. I don't get any relationship kickbacks from them. Okay, but that's why I don't show and frankly it's none of your business who I trade with that and that's the that's the reality of it all. Okay, so to keep things gerine and to price action only when I show my examples, when I show my executions, when I show my management or analysis and you see these things down here covered up, it's number one, it's for decency, it's for privacy, and two, it's none of your damn business. Okay, if you want to trade with the brokerage firm that I'm trading with, you've made that decision on your own. Okay, you you're not going to get me telling you and twisting your arm, you better go with this broker because they're better than everybody else. Every broker sucks. Every single broker sucks. So, there you go. I'm not I'm not with anybody. I don't have any affiliate programs, period. But with all that stuff out of the way and now explaining, you know, why sometimes my stop losses are ultra precise that I felt comfortable that by entering inside of the volume imbalance here, which is right there, which is also factoring in that low. The draw down should be limited to worst case scenario consequent encroachment of that one minute cibby that's in this shaded area here. But trimming that back down to a 30 secondond chart that retracement up in here to the lower quadrant two ticks above that which is usually about what I have. If I have a level I have in mind that I want to see it not breach then I'm usually going two ticks above whatever that level is or below if I'm long. So the factor of that one minute sibby let's go back to the one minute chart again monthly one minute chart this sells center bounce by side efficiency it's that one single down close candle right there framing it by this candle's high that candle's low so entering here the retracement up in here. I wanted to add two more contracts. Uh but it it just it didn't give me a chance. I mean, these are 30 second um fluctuations on very small time frames. Even though the one minute looks like it's it's hanging out there for a long long time, it's not there very long. So, the time I'm watching it and my brain to say, "Okay, I'll I'll take it there." And then the reaction time that's required to do it. It's kind of like driving a car or a tractor trailer. Uh well, between the two, the reaction time and stopping time by you seeing something as a hazard in front of you driving your car with four wheels is quicker versus someone that's driving a tractor trailer. They may see the same hazard too, but the reaction time of them putting their foot through the brake and then the brakes being applied then slowing that vehicle down is is a stark contrast between the two. Well, when you're using these very ultra short time frames, your reaction time is going to be very, very skewed. And limit orders are ideal, but this morning I was measuring volatility and I was also measuring the order flow and liquidity of the June contract because I wanted to see early on if I was going to use June for New York session, AM or PM session if I do any trading in it or if I was going to roll over today for the September contract. And I I already posted on X that I'm going to be trading with the September contract going forward. So this this is the last time we look at this particular um contract.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - EurUsd & NQ Futures June 11, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxT_b32UsB0
================================================================================

Good morning folks. How are you? So, it's a brief little update as to what I see. I have not been able to spend much time looking at price action over the last few days. I had uh family matter come up that my wife and I are having to deal with. So, with all that said, this is the NASDAQ is a daily chart. And if you recall, check your notes. If you've been following along on X and all the analysis and commentary I've been giving and guidance for this specific index, NASDAQ, I mentioned that we were looking for higher prices. We're continuously looking for higher prices and ignoring the uh the natural tendency to want to pick a top. If a top comes, we'll know it. But uh right now, it just keeps on trying to reach higher. And I want to show you again when price was down here, we were looking at the likelihood of drawing up into this imbalance, this wicks consequent encroachment and then this cibby here ultimately drawing up to this high and then all-time highs. Okay, so those are the levels that are salient to me that I mentioned and I not just mentioning it for the first time here, but it's been drugg out over top of about 2 months worth of data. And this wick, this constant encroachment of that half of that wick is what's being highlighted here. Now, if you look real close, it looks like it gets blurry. It's because there's another level there. We'll see it in a moment, but I just want you to see that there's a component of that occurring. So, just before I drop down, I want to make sure that this is going to show up on all time frames. And it looks like we're good to go on that. Okay. All right. So, today we have CPI number and tomorrow we have PPI and all kinds of stuff going on around the world. So, it's a it's a Molotov cocktail basically. Um, you should not be trying to trade aggressively as I mentioned on X. I just want to toss it in there right now. And just know that um we're in the summer months with all kinds of volatile events around us both domestically here in the states which you know as a kind of like a reminder and like a all points bulletin. If you are in the states be careful this weekend. Okay. There's a lot of things that some nefarious individuals and entities are scheduling you to run a muck this weekend. So um it looks like rain. So bring your umbrella. We have this buy and balance outside deficiency here on June 3rd 2025 2025 and then the market has reached up use this down close candles opening price which is changes the delivery my order block. You can see that there. And then we drew up into this wick as I said we would do weeks and almost a month ago wicked so far. But look at all the overlapping of these candlesticks in the previous days ranges. So this is a lot of time being spent in here. So my perspective is this in brief. They're trying to retail is trying to short this and they just keep pressing it higher and higher and higher. Okay. Uh CPI and PPI number may deliver us into this fair value gap here. And I would be content with that if it was something that I was in the market. If I was in there actively holding a position. I don't have an open position right now. Uh but I would be looking for it to trade up in here. And if it did, I'd be content with moving to the sidelines and just relaxing. Okay. and try not to press too hard because the climate we're in right now is not conducive for low risk but rather high probability of you being incorrect. Okay, so professionals don't like to push the the edge in those kinds of environments because the only thing it does is it dulls your edge needlessly. And uh this wick down here is consequent encouragement. So it dropped down in there opened there and then rallied up. So, we're going to take this information, drop all the way down into a one minute chart because it's already getting too long in the tooth here. And I just remembered that I did not add the uh levels I wanted to talk about. So, let's go back to that real quick. I know it's so unprofessional. guy. He says he's been doing this for 33 years. He act like he's doing it for the first time. All right. So, we're going to draw from this high up to this low. Okay. So, there's your February 24, 2025 daily CBI. Okay. This candlestick's low to this candlesticks high. The fib levels in here. Watch these these lines in here. See, there's one there. And then this one here, which says anchored to that. If I go to the fib and highlight the negative 0.5 level that will take us right up into consequent from that wick. Okay. So, essentially, what is that? 981 even or thereabouts. So we'll see it when we get down lower time frames. So now we have the quadrant levels in here and that expansion boundary where it can trade outside of that range of that civvi. It's basically the same principle I taught with -1 and.5 for the opening range gaps. Okay. So uh that principle is universal. So it's half of and or a replication of a range. Those are usually the the the easiest go-to demarkers for when we're in a consolidation or a defined range of any kind, a half of that range or one standard deviation or full basically a measured move type measurement of whatever that range high and low is. Whatever it is, it's either going to move outside of it by half of its range or one full measurement of its high to low range. And again, if you watch any work on my opening range ideas, you you'll know what I'm talking about. So, let's drop down now into the one minute chart in this video. That's not supposed to be so long. All right. And then we'll crunch this up. And this is the business for where we may Oops. I shouldn't have done that. There you go. This is what I have here. And see, by being organized with your annotations, uh, it'll tell you when you're in the lower time frames what this is. All right. And then the lower quadrant on that February 24, 2025. It's Monday's trading. So we have the low of that daily on the 24th of February. Notice we have not traded down there. We got down to the lowest quadrant here and then we traded down into that order block. Look at the daily chart and you'll see what that level is right there. Okay, trade up to the high of the 24th of February's CBI and then back down to that order block. Traded just outside of that range of that daily. Then back down into the upper quadrant, then up to that negative0.5 level, which is also the consequent encroachment of that premium wick. And it's also negative 0.5 of the daily sippy on February 24th, 2025. Now, for someone new that already has your head spinning, you have no idea what I'm talking about. But I promise you, if you watch the video a few times, there right now it's only been a couple minutes, like 8 minutes or so, you'll see what I'm talking about, how these levels are converging, and it also takes out this little high here. So notice that we've basically just used the levels I told you to watch on the weekend before the week even started trading and just reacted off of these quadrant levels rather nicely. Consolidated around it. Judith swing pumped it up, dropped down order block, lowest quadrant of the February 2024. I'm saying 2024. I thought I said that. Now, I'm certain I messed up earlier. February 24th of 2025's daily cibby. That's what these levels are marking. These are the this is the consequent encroachment, midpoint of it, upper quadrant, and the high of it. So, we reached up into a convergence of consequent encroachment levels. Okay, clustering there. And now we're using the high this morning in in London of the daily civby on February 24th of 2025. Rallied up and I want to drop into right now. And to me, these lows are suspect. So, they can come back down in here on the uh the CPI number cuz sometimes CPI can be a one r oneway railroad just runs right over top of one direction. Sometimes it can be a two-stage delivery where it could drop down, take a liquidity here. And since I'm primarily bullish, um I'm risking and weak on dollar. So, I don't think the dollar's going to go higher. there reason for the dollar to go higher. so many things against that right now and I believe gold's going to go higher and if you take a look at silver I mentioned last year in the fall months and summer told you all they'll start really adding on to metals and while silver was being consolidated and held uh it's recently you been allowed to trade higher I don't think that's done uh I think all the the data centers that they're they're trying to build um all those things like that are going to require a lot of silver. So I think that is a fundamental driver if you want to go there. Uh when it comes to commodities then I believe there is a supply and demand factor. Otherwise everything else outside of that asset class is all BS. There's no real reason to own a share stock. There's no real reason to own you know a contract of NASDAQ index futures. It's there's no real reason to do that except for gambling is really really what it is speculation. But with commodities, there's a real net sum zero game to it with regards to supply and demand. But I think we could drop down in here at the very minimum drop below here and then maybe move higher. Um, but just be mindful that CPI number and PPI numbers are absolutely unknown to me. I I don't I I've not had confidence in being able to forecast the PPI and CPI number in my three decades plus. Uh once in a while in a blue moon I've been correct, but not to the degree where I would place a lot of risk behind that that trader or viewpoint. So just know that what I'm saying here, just study it, okay? Just just watch and see if there's anything to it. So you that's the that's the skinny on that. I want to take your attention to Euro because I did talk about that also over the weekend. Um, so let's go and Oh, actually, I know some of you are wanting to know if I've done anything. I have not had a whole lot of time to do very much this week. Um, you can see the uh using the upper quadrant here. And this Cibby, I used it as a recaned Vega. You can see that there. And then it looks like I got out at the consequent corrosion, but I didn't. It was just me getting below the cell side. right here. That low right there. Watch the sell side liquidity. There it is. Right there. You can see that is the exit. So, 70 handles there. And I haven't had anything for the rest of the week. business to talk about. There's a few things I would have liked to trade, but time I have here today doesn't allow me or afford me to be able to talk about it. But it was only two other uh situations. One would have been a scratch. I would have got stopped out covering costs. And the other would have been 40 handles, so it's not even that big of a deal. But uh this is the only thing I got really the show for the week. And I'm content with sitting on my hands the rest of it. So just a really challenging consolidation which again now let's take us over to Euro dollar what it was redely in here inside that area. I was counseling you to look at just ignoring this candlestick as indecisive and using this candlestick's low. This candlestick's high and that is your actual gap. Extend that through and trading through here. It looks sloppy. It's like, okay, what's the use here? Well, I mentioned that if we didn't get this expectation of of moving higher. In other words, I wanted to see it uh remain above this. But if it does go below it, go back and listen to the video. If it does go blue then I think what we'll do is we'll go into sideways consolidation and I think by anybody's definition that's you would see here. Okay. So those skill sets those ideas are not found in books. That's an experience driven you know perspective and the things I teach you to do and things I tell you to keep track of and annotate and journal. If you don't journal you'll never learn the skill set of anticipating when consolidation is going to be there. If you look at the very first video of my 2016 private mentorship, all of those videos are uploaded on my YouTube channel for free. Just look at the ICT mentorship 2016 2017 playlist and I broke them down into individual playlist by month and the very first video of month one elements to a trade setup. Um I talk about the four major characteristics of a trade setup. you know, there's uh there's an element of consolidation, and you're not going to know in the beginning how to anticipate when consolidation is going to come into the marketplace. And you're not going to know as a new trader when that market will leave consolidation and go into, you know, a trending or a reversal or something to that effect. And that's one of the benefits of having a mentor that's been doing it for a long time and not just talk about it through a market replay perspective. If you don't have the foresight or the experience be able to have prognostication that has a track record of a length of time beyond just last year or two years paring somebody else that's been doing it, you know, decades longer than them. It it's very telling when you listen to someone when they share insights because if they can't number one stand on transparency and say there are times I'm not going to know and right now I don't know I just know that we if we did not use the inversion fair value gap to go higher then we were going to go into consolidation because everything is still primarily risk meaning all assets that are not dollar viewed in other words euro dollar euros higher dollar lower or dollar consolidation euro high higher that's that's risk on for me risk off would be dollar index rallying higher euro going lower or euro in consolidation while dollar goes higher that's risk off so I'm primarily anticipating higher prices across the board except for dollar. And for someone that's new, you might see this and you may have watched Euro this week and probably giggled to yourself and said, "Man, this guy, he was really wrong on Euro." I explained why I would be wrong. And that's something also that's useful as a trader knowing what would be a uh catalyst for you to move to the sidelines and say okay I'm not going to trade in this environment because it no longer fits the characteristics that I would expect initially and still be useful for the model I trade and not be gambling. Okay. Uh just because the markets are moving around doesn't mean that you know hey let me go here and press the button and see what if I can make some money or I'll pass some combines or this that thing. Messing around mcking about in these environments you will blow your accounts. That's a guarantee. I don't care who you are. I don't care how good you think you are. You're going to blow your accounts because you're going to get tripped up into taking more trades than you should. you're going to trade larger leverage than you really should and you're going to be competing with everybody else online because they may have done something and you've not been able to show anything yet or you're in draw down. So this this present condition in the marketplace right now with all the things that are going on, this is a perfect storm for someone that has no discipline, no self-control, no model, no experience, no respect for the measure of risk. It's a shipwreck waiting to happen and nobody's at fault but you when it does. So anyway, with all that, I again I expect higher prices with the same thing I mentioned with uh in regards to NASDAQ. Let's say that the PPI and the CPI number do something that causes some kind of a a sell off in gold or euro. Um I said gold, but I meant euro here. these lows in here. I'd like to see them make an attempt to get down there but not take them out because it's too close to this low here. So, if it's going to take these lows out, then it's going to take that low out. And that changes the uh the dynamic, at least on the short term. Doesn't mean that I'm calling a top in the euro. Doesn't mean that the dollar is going to go rallying higher explosively. I'm not suggesting that at all. That might that's my opinion. But none of this should be used as a trade idea or a catalyst for you to put on real monetary risk. It's just to stimulate ideas and thinking critically on your own part. But I find it fascinating that today we used that inversion fair value got dimension over the weekend here. And I'd like to see it draw up into this level here and then this for Euro. Watch this. I would like to see this in here act as an inversion fair value gap sometime before we close this week out and that would be interesting to see that and then what should it do that then obviously make an intent to get up to the device out here. Okay, and I think that's going to be it. I spent a lot more time than I wanted to um but I just want to touch base with y'all. Thank you so much for your prayers and Lord willing I will be back with you as soon as I can. And be careful this weekend if you're in the States.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Storytellers Series - NQ Futures June 05, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38-431ysWik
================================================================================

Folks, welcome back. All right, so we're going to be looking at the storyteller series for 2025 for NASDAQ futures contract for June delivery contract month, June 5th, 2025. All right, let's get right into it here. Obviously, I'll counsel you to look at yesterday's June 4th, 2025 Storytellers Edition on this YouTube channel, and you'll see the levels I have here. The smaller ones, the things I'm going to draw your attention to here will be obviously meant as we go through this short little review and video. But all these details over here, this is all stuff that was in included in yesterday's discussion. And then on the daily chart, we were looking at an old inefficiency or daily cibby. And I told you I had it graded where the upper level, upper quadrant, consequent encroachment, lower quadrant, and the low of that daily cibby. One of the things that non-farm payroll week really gives us a uh a challenge with sometimes is leading up to the actual event on Friday morning at 8:30 Eastern time where they release the employment data. One of the major reasons why I tell students to try to avoid trading this particular week after uh Wednesday London session going into Wednesday New York session. Uh you want to be basically done all of your trading by 7 a.m. Eastern time. In my in my opinion, for a new trader, it's going to be advantageous for you if you did something like that. But a lot of you don't want to listen and you want to just go in here and discover for yourself that FFO really is something that you should have been more aware of. So because it can be consolidated, because it can be rangebound, whenever we have a higher time frame inefficiency, it's most likely going to use that higher time frame inefficiency as the easiest form of real, listen to this, listen to this, okay? Real support and resistance, not some contrived idea that, well, this is the right high or this is the right low because, you know, I just feel like it's the right one to draw from. No. Okay. Um, having a level of understanding where inefficiencies are is hugely advantageous and I'm going to show you today, you know, what what that means. Uh, I'm only going to go right into the one minute chart as you see here because all the details is in the one minute chart. I don't need to go on any other time frame. I did not do any new opening gap utilization today. I did not use any opening range gaps. I did not use any first presented fair value gap. I did not use any of those things today. Not one thing like that at all. I just simply used the inefficiencies that were mentioned yesterday and the one that's on the daily chart. Okay. And you can see these levels here daily high consequent encouragement and this daily low. This line here is just the sell side of the coding pool. Before I move this slide, rewind it again. you'll see it inefficiency from yesterday on Wednesday and the same thing here. Okay, so these are previous days in inefficiencies. So if we're going to sell off and go outside the low of the daily civvy, then we have to have an understanding where it could go. And the easiest one is use what was the day before. Very simple. It's not complicated, is it? So, I want you to take a look at what I did on X this morning. I was trading London session and I shorted near the high of the London session and banked on a obvious draw in liquidity. I I could have held for lower, but I was content with what I showed. And I I tried to get some sleep, but I got an uncction that I just wanted to just really tear it up today. So I was not able to actually go to sleep. I formulated a game plan on how I was going to use um the daily cibby here. So when we had 8:30 employment data, not non not non-farm payroll, but it used look at the bodies. It's using the lower quadrant of that daily cibby and then it rallied up came right back down in inversion fair value gap hits it here rallies up takes the daily high out the bodies stay inside of it meaning what it's probably going to go up there one more time why because we're already long-term bullish anyway so that it didn't leave a a close or any body portion up there it just wicked up there and then this is bait look for shorts and retail is going to want to short and hold it forever. Now, I can go in there and I'll wait for an order block up close candle. I'm giving you this rough idea here because I want you to go into your one minute chart and flush it out. But this up close candle here is a bearish order block and when it went up in that, that's a sell a short and aiming for the liquidity resting below here. And then the market went back and forth in here. I I tried to see what type of um a long that could be formed in here and then it came back down against me and stopped me out a little bit premature before the run up in here building another interest in going along to take out this high. You can see how they used the daily cibby consequent encroachment consolidated around the upper quadrant back into a bullish fair value gap. Look at the bodies here. Then it rallies up into daily city high and then rips through it. And then it spent a whole lot of time in here. And this is characteristic of non-farm payroll week on Wednesdays and Thursdays. It it can be very just annoying. Okay, that's really the best word I can use for it. looking to get short in here and trying to actually get the actual high or the the swing high in here. It can be frustrating and it can force you out of the trade or stop you out and then you'd have to look for another another short entry if you're going to be trying to trade the extreme outside of daily. Now, you may be asking why would you want to do that if you're primarily bullish? Because we're leaving this inefficiency on a day before non-farm payroll. So the real event is tomorrow. So this is just them setting the stage and getting people trapped. Buying a breakout above here. That's what this is. Okay. So fading that idea and then inversion fair value gap here. Building a short into that. Then a sellside imbalance buy efficiency standard classic ICT bearish fair value gap trades up into that with a small little rally above that stop hunt. breaks lower, comes back up in easy fair got to sell short in there rips lower below these relative equal lows down to the daily cibby low. So it rallies back up into half of daily cibby. So consequent encroachment building in shorts, building in shorts, building in shorts, breaks lower, fair value gap, fair value gap in there as well. Breaks lower, fair value gap there, rips lower, takes out the sell side there and below the previous days relative equal lows. And again, look at your Wednesday's trading and the slide before this one here. You'll see that that is the obvious sellside liquidity pool. It was easy. And then below that was the inefficiency I showed you yesterday. Then rallies back up to the lower quadrant. Okay, look at the utilization of these levels. Consical encroachment lower quadrant breaks below it. Comes back up in here. Another shorting opportunity there. Breaks aggressively lower down into inefficiencies from Wednesday. then rallies back up in and my interest on it at that time was abaded and I wasn't no longer interested but it did offer new opportunities back inside the inefficiency here trades up into it there there breaks lower rallies back up into it trades below it upper quadrant breaks lower consequent encroachment and then trades lower here and leaves these relative equal lows and at the close of the day and And then they open it way down here and then right back up to the level of the inefficiency here and closing in that new day opening gap. So I want you to study this. Okay? And I shared a chart with uh price swings annotated where buying and selling utilizing the things I teach. Um, while that was not requiring all the things that I talk about, it was just simply one thing, the daily civvy. the daily CBI within the context of a week or condition that is prone to be consolidating. This one admittedly was meant to get your gears turning and get you into your own charts. You don't need every moving part, every little tinker toy that I've ever introduced. Knowing what you're looking for in the climate or the market structure based on the economic calendar, how we're going to trade. Is it going to be rangebound? Is it going to be trending? Is going to be reversal? All these ideas are the building blocks of how I started the mentorship in 2016 and 2017. The elements of a trade setup. If you look at that video on my YouTube channel, it will help you understand how today was very, very easy. as long as we're inside that daily civby. Once we leave the civvi, then we have to look at other tools and other other reference points. But again, study the one minute chart from your own charts and then I'll touch base with you tomorrow, Lord willing.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Storytellers Series - Dollar & EurUsd June 05, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08d62cZDXUk
================================================================================

All right, folks. Welcome back. All right, so we're going to be looking at the currency markets. I know we haven't talked about them in such a long time. So, this is the Storytellers series. Uh this is episode three. And I promised I would talk about forex a little bit and the dollar index. Uh but I I kind of like want to keep them separate because I'm not actively trading forex. So, I'm I kind of want to keep my work with them separate and segregated from that of index futures, which is my active market asset class at the moment. All right, so this is June 5th, 2025, and you'll forgive me if I sound tired because I've been going just about all day. So, uh I shared a little bit of uh mojo with you guys in London session for NQ. But uh this discussion here is going to be specifically dealing with the dollar index and fiber or euro USD. Now, I already know some of you are going to go crazy and want to see me do every currency pair, every exotic, every and I'm not I'm not doing that, folks. I'm not. So, I'll be content with just doing euro dollar since it's the most well, traded forex pair in the world. So, uh you'll just have to be content with that, won't you? If not, please don't complain because I'll never see your comment ever again if you do. All right, so we are looking at the weekly chart of the dollar index, okay? And let me preface it by saying this. You should know by now that there's all kinds of things going on as it relates to global trade, the tariffs The tariffs are on, the tariffs are off, the tariffs are going higher, the tariffs are going lower. It's just it is constant constant chaos. And it makes the markets a little bit more difficult if you're constantly looking at fundamentals. Okay? Cuz fundamentally it's insanity if you're trying to trade fundamentally. You have to be trading technically. You have to be looking at how the market is being manipulated to hurt individuals. Okay? And if none of this is good for the dollar index. Okay? Let's just make it very plain and simple. There is nothing good in any of this for the dollar at all. Okay? So, in fact, it's beneficial for everyone for the dollar to go down from where it is right now. Everything's just warped. And a higher dollar, a firmer dollar is not something that a lot of the big wigs actually want right now. So, this buy side imbalance or side inefficiency on the dollar index. And again, this is a weekly chart. Keep your eye up here in the left for left hand corner. Whenever I'm changing chart time frames, you'll be aware of what I'm using. So, this here we traded down through a few weeks back. And not to mention all of this move here, this was called out in advance. All of this was called out in advance. This entire market maker buy model from here. And then market maker sell model here. Go back and look at all the commentary. Look at every post on X. Everything I've ever stated. It's all there. Okay? And the things I didn't say there, I said in my students live streams and they all have screenshots for it, too. So, looking at this inversion fair value gap, we rallied up into consequent encroachment of that, filled in this inefficiency here with the bodies. Notice that. Okay, so the wick was allowed to go up into the inversion fair value gap consequent encroachment there. And then we had a volume imbalance, which traded up into here last week, touched that, and then now here's where we're at. I like the idea of seeing it eventually, how soon, how fast will it get there? I don't know. Because there's so much manipulation right now, and if you're if you're brand new and you're trying to trade Forex and you're under capitalized on top of it, and you're impulsive, you don't have a model, you your chances of being profitable trading that asset class is next to zero. Okay? Let me be upfront and honest with you. It is so so difficult right now trading the Forex markets. I can. I have done it a few times in the period of time where I actively moved away from it, where I'm not actually putting real money behind the the trades. This this climate, this global chaos that we're seeing, uh this was actually explained to you it was coming in a lot of the Twitter spaces I did. And just look at it. It's wild, right? It's this insanity, and it's going to get worse. And it's going to be great for the index futures. It's It's going to be great for the commodity market. But for Forex, you know, we're we're we're just waiting for the next shoe to drop. That's basically what it is. Once that happens, you know, the wild wild west, big ranges, big extrapolate right price runs, that's coming. I think it's going to be here before Christmas, so I have optimism in that regard. But until then, you just got to be really really careful, folks. So, I like the idea of this low being traded down to, and if it can get to that low, and accelerate, the sell side below here is where I think we'll try to gravitate to. Now, it's not a lot in terms of range, but, you know, that's what I believe is likely to occur. I'm not bullish at all on dollar index. I'm not at all, even though we went down below these relative equal lows, and people might think, "Okay, well, that's you know, some kind of a fake break, and then go higher." You know, I'm happy to be proven wrong, but I just don't see it, folks. I mean, the the necessity for all things coming into alignment to cause this to go higher, based on all the things that's going on right now, just I don't see it in the cards, okay? So, I believe that the stock market is not done going higher. Uh I believe that we are still risk on in that regard, but so I think this is a risk on market, meaning that the dollar index is likely to trade softer. It's a daily chart. You can see that up here. Dollar index. Beautiful consequent encroachment of that weekly inversion fair value gap. Trading up into the weekly volume imbalance. Beautiful. And this low is near-term sell side liquidity, then this liquidity pool. And then, because I like both of these here, remember that one on the weekly chart now, okay? All I did was took those same levels I had annotated on the weekly chart. By dropping down to the daily chart, it transposes those same levels here through the lens of daily candlesticks. Any PDA array, okay? Here's a Here's a little secret for you. Any PDA array that I annotate on my charts, if they have a a respectable amount of range between them, and in this sense, these two are fitting the bill for that. Between these two levels, half of that is event horizon. That is every PD array. Every single PD array. Now, right away some of you, you know, skeptics, those ideas cause you to feel like, "Well, of course, then if you have a thousand lines on the chart, you know, eventually the market's going to hit one of them." But, I'm always calling the ones that I believe are going to be salient. That's the part you keep omitting in your commentary or your little rude remarks. So, I believe that this low, this specific higher time frame sell-side liquidity pool from the weekly chart, halfway between these two red lines here, you want to annotate on on your own chart, okay? So, that would be an event horizon. And then this sell-side here. So, I am not bullish on dollar index unless something comes out and we're cool pieces uh, you know, is discussed and Iran no longer wants to do uh, anything with nuclear and uh, North Korea says, you know, "We're not going to be involved with anything." Russia says, "You know what, Ukraine, you can have everything. We don't want anything." And it's just it's not happening, folks. That's That's my point, okay? Taiwan's not going to get invaded by, you know, China. All these things would have to smooth on out. And this is not happening. Okay? It's not happening. So, lower prices are in order in my opinion for dollar index. We're on the hourly chart now. So, this this imbalance here, buy-side imbalance, sell-side efficiency, when we trade down through it, acted as an inversion for you right there, you got. So, I'm waiting to see if the bodies are contained inside of this and then if we roll back outside of it. Now, if we trade higher, I got to charge my battery up, but we're going to keep that in the video. The If the dollar index trades higher and trades above here, then it just means we're just going to hang around and and and go sideways for a little bit longer time. But longer term still, I think that the dollar is still most likely going to be delivering lower prices. 15-minute time frame, same business that is outlined on the hourly chart. We're using the hourly inversion fair value gap. This is not the same one that was on the weekly chart, by the way. And we just saw this drop down here today on employment data. And this sell-side imbalance buy-side inefficiency is it inversion fair value gap? So, we can start looking at all these specific key levels, the quadrants inside that, and trade up in here. Notice the body staying inside that inefficiency from the hourly chart. If it rolls out of it and comes back up and hits it as a low, I would want to see it trade down into that inefficiency, and it has to eat up all of these levels decisively and trade with a close below them. And then, any drop below this low here is most likely going to be sustainable. And then 5-minute chart here, dollar index, you can see that there is a buy-side imbalance sell-side inefficiency inside of that 15-minute time frame inversion fair value gap. So, if we go down lower, this area in here should act as an inversion fair value gap that would be used as a catalyst to send us below here and then into that higher time frame weekly lower sell-side liquidity pool. So, this little area here, should we break lower, extend that out in the future, okay? And it's going to probably be a trigger for a ramp into this low and then further lower. Euro dollar weekly chart. Okay, we have an inversion fair value gap here. We saw that be utilized. Bullish fair value gap here, body staying inside of it. And then we're working inside of this weekly premium wick. I put the gradient levels in it, which ended up into consequent encroachment. And the next buy side liquidity pool I like up here. Cuz this wick basically took out this short-term high. And I would I mean, this is I guess doable, but if it's going to go higher on the basis of a lower dollar, I would like to see it reach up into that full liquidity for Euro dollar. Daily chart, and same levels from the weekly chart transposed into the daily. This is a little problematic for me. Like I I I'm not terribly excited here, so for me, I would like to see sustained continue price run to take out this high. I don't want to see anything come back down into the weekly bullish fair value gap, which is what this blue box is here. Remember, the weekly chart levels are being shown on the daily. And I certainly wouldn't want it to come back down into this, cuz it's already done its business here. So, we've already seen the inversion fair value gap act as an inversion fair value value gap that's bullish. Then the low of the fair value gap here. And then it stopped just shy of consequent encroachment right there. Notice that? That's bullish for me. And I want to see non-farm payroll data tomorrow uh facilitate, you know, continuation to the upside we for Euro dollar. That would make it a little bit easier for me to give continued commentary and opinion about what it's likely to do. Unless it does that, then, you know, I'm just going to keep my cards close to my vest and this expect lower dollar, higher euro, but any individual specific key levels in here would have to be mentioned at a later time because what is on this chart right now is pertinent for me. 1-hour chart. Okay, now this one here I didn't start over here from the left side of chart. This is that weekly bullish fair value gap that did not go down consequent encroachment. Then we have buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency, comes down to consequent encroachment and bodies respect that. This is a sell side liquidity raid and ramps it up higher, trades into the lower quadrant of that weekly premium wick. This is the low of it. Lower quadrant. Consequent encroachment and then the upper quadrant and the high of that wick is outside the scope of this this chart's data. Then we have an inversion fair value gap here. Now this is something for your notes, okay? Whenever there's an indecisive candle like this, I take that out. I I just imagine it's not there. So that low to that candle's high, that one down close candle, that's what I'm seeing as a fair value gap. I'm not looking at this wick. I'm not looking at this candlestick at all because both of these candles here traded that range. And it closed where it opened. So I I don't care to know that data in the formation of my fair value gap. So this low and this candlestick's high, that that's being shaded there, that's the fair value gap. You can see it being used there with the bodies. It's being respected there also. And then we came down to the high over here and then worked a propulsion block, which is a bullish order block here that only goes down into a previous order block, but it cannot create trade lower than half of its mean threshold or mean threshold of its body and it doesn't do those things here. And it trades to the low of the wick on that weekly chart right there. And then we saw the acceleration to the outside. I'm watching this area here to act as an inversion fair value gap cuz it also worked that level here, here, and now we're on the other side of it. So, I would like to see it continue staying firm. If we just melt down and go overnight lower than this low here, then you know, all bets are off and we'll have to see what we get next week. But I would like to see continuation there. Now, remember, I'm not trading Forex, so don't take any of my commentary here as an invitation for you to just go out there and start trading, okay? Because if I'm wrong, and in this climate I could very well be wrong, which is the number one reason why I've not been talking about Forex because there's too much manipulation and the the ranges aren't worth the risk. Right, 15-minute timeframe, buy-side liquidity here, really smooth highs. And that propulsion block shown there. Sell-side liquidity pool read when higher, all that business shown here. And again, I don't want to see that inversion fair value gap give up the ghost and trade back down lower than that. Because even though this has gone up and it's sold off, to me, I would use that as an indication that retail would see that as it's a rejection, it's going to go lower. When the dollar index is, you know, likely to go lower, that would not be the case here. So, I'm not scared by this right here. I know this was the result of employment data. And non-farm payroll can always upset what was done on a Thursday of non-farm payroll week. So, it was the decaffeinated version of employment data released today. The real show is going to be tomorrow at 8:30 Eastern time. And the 5-minute chart here. We're inside this by side imbalance sell side inefficiency. These two relatively equal lows at the time of me starting this recording, I had already noticed that it went below here. So, it was one of the things I was going to talk about how if we could go below these lows, does it go back up and start working into these levels here like this as a bullish inversion fair value gap, um eventually working back up into the high. I'm not interested in in in seeing lower euro and higher dollar, and I don't think that's likely to occur, but obviously not for people tomorrow. All the disadvantages that I would see against me as an analyst going over these markets, I'm trying to be transparent and share that. So, unlike I have been with index futures where I've just basically come out there like John Wayne saying this is what's going to happen, um I don't have that same confidence in forex. So, just make sure that you're aware of that going in. Don't get goofy and think, well, I'm going to go in here over leverage because if I'm wrong, and again, I could very well be wrong. You know, euro could just collapse and the dollar just spike up, go crazy. You know, wild stuff can happen any any minute. I mean, just look what Elon Musk is putting on on on the X today. It's it's getting crazy, right? So, just be mindful of all that stuff. All right, that's going to be it for today. Uh each day I'll try to toss in one video with uh euro dollar and the dollar index. Anything that's salient, anything that's useful to me looking at it, I'll make, you know, an attempt to share what my opinion is about it. And you can take it for whatever it's worth. It might not be worth anything, okay? But so many of you are asking for this, so this is my gift to you. Till I talk to you next time. Be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Storytellers Series - NQ Review June 04, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77gN924c3FU
================================================================================

Hi folks, welcome back. We're looking at storytellers. This series is about how you should journal. Now, the benefits of building a narrative, understanding bias, understanding session bias, the ideal drawn liquidity or the next one thereof. U that is built upon what I'm showing you here. Now, at first glance, it seems like it's just reviewing hindsight data. And true to form, that's what you will be doing because you won't have any idea on how to trade it, right? You you're learning how to do it. So, before you can get good at trading well, you have to learn how to read price well. And then you also have to learn how to know yourself and stave off all those things that are going to be problematic for you and focusing on on the things that are useful. and then back testing and journaling and logging things, very specific things. And in the beginning, you're only going to be looking for one real obvious setup per day. And the more you do this, the more you journal and record yourself in your own words, ideally inside your chart. Okay? So, you're going to be recording annotations, things that are salient for that given session, that given market, that day, that week, that month. And you want to try to give as much detail as you can and familiarize yourself with certain characteristics that tend to repeat. And they're all generally timebased deliveries. They're they're very specific PDA responses drawing to an obvious liquidity pool above or below the marketplace based on a higher time frame bias. All right. So, we're going to be looking at June 4th, 2025. I didn't do a review yesterday. Um, I meant to, but I'm busy with my son Cameron. So, I'm I'm hard at work being dad and ICT in the woodshed with him, trying to get him uh prepared to, you know, to be able to carve out his own income. The daily chart here, let's zoom in on this. I'll review yesterday's trade I shared on X, by the way. I know some of you were asking for it, but uh time didn't permit me to be able to do that last night. So, daily chart here. Uh let's go back in time and I'll refer you to Monday's storyteller series on YouTube channel down close candle bullish order block. I mentioned how we traded down into that and I mentioned as a kind of like a foresight looking forward to not hindsight looking forward to how we were going to use this order block and then send price back up and I said I want to see a trade to the consequent encroachment of this candle's wick or halfway point and I said just a rough you eyeball it it's basically the same as this low of this cibby so we did in fact trade up into that yesterday and then we traded up into consequent encouragement of the CIBY. Okay. So the two targets I mentioned in that order from Monday's analysis was delivered here today and yesterday. So I want to show you this level here. How we opened up yesterday and traded down immediately to this candlesticks high. All right. So we have Wednesday, Tuesday, Monday, and then Friday. So Friday's high. We traded down to that on Tuesdays, trading immediately, opening here and trading right back down. When it does that and trades above the open, that's one of the most powerful bullish scenarios you can have when you have a bias that's leaning for higher prices, which is what we were looking for anyway. And I said if we get outside of this civby, this would be the next one to draw to. And if we get really animated and use this as an inversion fair value gap, which this one can be as well, this this gap here. So both of these could be used and I guess created off of with a bullish inversion fair gap aspect to it. If it does that, these relative equal highs are suspect. Okay, so I'm avoiding trying to pick a top. I saw a couple people, you know, making comments on X saying that uh, you know, my students were were selling short or I was bearish or something to that effect. All you have to do is look at Monday's video and you'll see that I was calling where we at right now on Monday. So, it's delivered perfectly. So, anyway, uh, we're going to drop down lower time frames. Just be mindful that this line here is salient to Friday's high and Tuesday we open traded down to it immediately and then we've seen the two targets I mentioned on Monday deliver right here's an hourly chart and just to for completeness sake I mentioned how this buyside efficiency was the low on this day here and then we rallied up came back down used the high of the cibby I'm sorry bissy rather bounce southside efficiency this we hit that and then we started to rally up and then once we went above this high then we had immediate rebalance that's what this is here look at the bodies respecting as well and then the market starts to gravitate towards what the daily civ low okay the daily civ low is again this area here on the daily chart so this red shaded line I'm sorry red shaded uh rectangle in the midline here that is going to be seen here. Here's the midline or consequent encroachment, the high of that and the low of that. So, it's the daily civ low and the daily civ consequent encroachment or midpoint of that shaded area I showed you on the daily chart and have been showing you for weeks and almost two months now. So the immediate rebalance from that point on up to the low of the daily cibby that is the draw in liquidity. That was the thing I told you to look for on Monday and it happened. And then if we can grind out a run up into the consequent encroachment that would be it. Now let me counsel you to recall that this week is a non-farm payroll event week. Okay? meaning that uh I teach my students to strive to look for setups on Monday of non-farm per week. A lot of people say I teach not to trade on Mondays. It's not true. Uh if you're brand new and you're a student of mine, it's not had too much experience doing it. I tell everyone to avoid Mondays unless it's nonfarm per week. And with more experience, obviously you can trade every single day. You can read price action and and do whatever you want to do with your own model. But as a mentor, as a teacher, I try to counsel new people with less experience. I I help them navigate the problematic days because everybody thinks you when they first come into this is every day is a trading day. And it is for you to lose money. And I try to look for the most advantageous days, times of day, days of week, months of the year, that type of thing to you hopefully have all the advantages and minimize, but you'll never be able to do it entirely, but minimize the underlying risks and or the adversities that plague everyday trading. Okay, day trading is not everyday trading. And professionals don't make a mind of going out there and trying to do an everyday trading event. Now, with experience, you'll be able to determine if you're realistic with yourself and honest, you'll be able to determine if you can trade every single day. But I think if you look for a very few number of setups per week and wait for the setups to form for them, it's very liberating. And that's how I'm going into this series here. I want you to just look for the obvious moves each day and then build a narrative in hindsight about why it did what it did. In the beginning, you'll be clumsy. you'll really just be waiting on my video and the commentary I give. But it's meant for you to use as like training wheels on a bicycle. Eventually, you want to get to the point where you do your annotation, your commentary, and then watch my video and compare and contrast what you saw, what you annotated in your own journal versus what it is I'm talking about. Without a doubt, there's going to be a lot of things I'm leaving out. As I mentioned, I'm not trying to do a complete clinic on every possible PDA rate that was available. Just the major draw or two on each individual day. So anyway, we drove up into this level here. And then today for Wednesday, June 4th, 2025, we did get to consequent encroachment. And it's funny how it just stopped right there, isn't it? It's it's probably random. All right, here is the 15-minute time frame. Now we had this buy side balance sell sign efficiency right before we get to the daily cibby low. It trades up into it falls short of the midpoint comes right back down. Look at the body respecting that and then we consolidate and we start building cell liquidity here. This is all time distortion, which is usually what you're going to get on Wednesday morning of non-farm hero week. And then it becomes hit or miss whether or not Wednesday's afternoon trading or even Wednesday's morning session is worth trading at all. And then same thing goes into Thursday and then finally on not for payroll Friday at 8:30 in the morning Eastern time. Then the carnival ride un unloads on the marketplace and you know everybody has to reset their prop accounts or you know close their brokerage account right. So this morning uh I I was looking at this drop here. I I saw all these breakers forming and I wanted to see it take out this low here and there's going to be a smaller 5m minute and one minute inbalance but specifically a 5m minute inversion fair value gap. I used the timing and entry to go short to target that sellside liquidity. Uh over here, I went long to get to this level here. You saw that on X. And I'll drop down lower time frame in a second, but I I put the gradient levels on here. And you can see how we dropped down into the upper quadrant, but fell short of the consequent encroachment of this Bissy. Didn't take out that low there either, but it did use the consequent encroachment there, which is again very fascinating. got down to a five-minute chart. Same thing that low sell side very very defined and this drop here is what I wanted. I didn't get a chance to get positioned. It dropped really fast. So, I had to use the inversion fair value. You'll see in a moment when I highlight it, but dropping down into here would be uh another objective. But because it's Wednesday of nonprofit here all week, I was content with getting out just below here. Now, up to this point, it sounds like just about everybody else that's a YouTuber or someone's on social media and they'll say, "I think I took a trade somewhere here. I think I'm I think my fill was here." Instead of just simply showing the executions, okay, I'm not going to sit up here and tell you I took a trade. I took a trade and not show you the executions. I'm not gonna I will never do that. Okay? I would never do that. So, let's take a look at that. Now, here is the five-minute chart. You can see here is this order block right here. Then close candle. This one right here. And I'm entering on it there and running up into the daily civ low. I told you it would be a draw on liquidity Monday night in analysis. So, the next day I do the very thing I told you I was looking for with an execution. And then over here today, this business, don't worry, this box will move in out of the way. But, uh, this short is actually filled right here. And it it's terrible, terrible placement if it weren't so obvious that the sell side liquidity pool was going to get tagged. And I'll show you what I mean in a moment. But then after it hits that, after I close the trade, limit orders filled. It comes right back up to uh the consequent encouragement of the daily cibby. Bodies respect it. Drops about one more time. Look at the body staying inside of the daily cibby low, but the wick does the damage of taking out that low and trading down to the upper quadrant of the uh 15-minute buy balance southside efficiency that's shaded in in green. And then it goes into just consolidation and just more time distortion. Okay. And let's go back in time to Tuesday's trade. Here is the inversion fair value gap that I was using. Also inversion fair value gap order block on the discount range volume and balance respected with the bodies. comes up, hits the high of it, drops back down. Upper quadrant, you can see the entry right here. Upper quadrant of the civi which becomes and when it's bullish, why is it bullish? Because I told you Monday I was looking for the low of the daily low and it draws from there up to there and I showed you that execution as it filled on X just a small portion of it. This is the business behind all of it. And then moving on over into today, we had sellside building here. This is obvious. This is so obvious. So, just remember that this level here, 21,665, that right there is based on this pool of liquidity that's forming. Scrubbed on over here, that same level. There's the fill and the drop down into that liquidity. and then the later lower run, but I was not able to hold that because this is what could potentially happen because it's not going up here a week. So, this little area in here is a inversion fair value gap. You can study that on your own u before we get to the open at 6:00 and I may not get the video up by then. So, if it happens then, you know, big deal. But right now, I'm watching these relative equal lows. So, we could drop down into that and then I'll be interested to see if it starts to work overnight higher to the high upper quadrant of the daily civi. That's it for this one. Until I talk to you next time, be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Storytellers Series - NQ Review June 02, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYw7zlxTqvA
================================================================================

Folks, welcome back. So, we're going to be doing a a little bit different title in a series that I don't know how long I'll go about doing it, but uh if you like it, you'll obviously give it thumbs up. If you don't like these types of uh presentations, then I'll just simply go back to doing you my hit and miss once in a while. You'll you'll see something once you you see it. You it'll be like, "Okay, well, that's wonderful." it won't be as consistent as something that I'm aiming to do with this. So, what is it? What's this storyteller series? Well, when you're looking at price action, when you're recording in your journal, you want to kind of like flesh out a narrative. You want to flesh out a bias in hindsight. You need to do that in the beginning because you don't know what you're doing. And you look at price action after it's already happened. And you look at where the inefficiencies were, where the stops were, who was making money before the stop rate was hit, who's making money before the market reverses and goes another direction, who's trapped, who is being led to believe that their trade's going to be profitable, but then later on it fails to get to an ideal scenario objective for them. And by doing these types of things and they need not be very long. So I'm going to try to go through it rather succinctly but in no way shape or form a complete u overview of what took place today or any day that I overview or review put it that way. Uh but it's meant to kind of like inspire you and I'm going to touch a little bit on what I shared this morning on the X account. So this is the first one of our storytellers and we're looking at obviously the market of choices for my liking and my trading is the NASDAQ and it's the June futures contract for 2025. All right. And this is the actual June delivery contract month. So it's not the continuous contract. It's not necessary because we're trading intraday. We're trading on very short-term basis. So, it's not required to use a higher time frame continuation or continuous chart. All right. So, we have this gap in here. If you've been following along on X and on my YouTube channel here, you know that we were looking for that as an upside objective. It hit that like gang busters last week and then sold off. And here is our down close candle with a fair value gap in here. So, this down close candle, let's zoom in a little bit. This down close candle is a bullish order block. We traded down to it last week and then today we opened we traded down to it once more and then they capitalized that discount level here which is the opening price of that down close candle and then sent it back above the rejection block here. Okay, which is the highest up close candle. Now we have this wick to contend with. Now, I was going to draw out where the consequent encroachment level is, but it's essentially look at the same level as this high here because it's close proximity to that. So, it's going to afford me the luxury of saying I'm watching price to see if it can get to this level in here. Okay, which is the bottom of that old cibby. And if it does that, then I want to see does it have the ability to get to consequent encouragement of this cibby. Does it get above this and trade outside of the civi here? And then we'll be looking for this one here. So, I'm trying to avoid picking a top. As I've been mentioning, an ongoing analysis with NQ, we're trying to avoid all that. So, because of this down close candle here being a daily bullish order block, this level here, this blue line, it'll appear on the lower time frame charts until I tell you it won't be. All right, here's the hourly chart here. And real quick, you can see we traded down in and I mentioned this last week. We have a buy side of balance sell sign efficiency consequent encroachment of that. We hit that beautifully there. You can do that on your own chart. I shared this on my ex account by the way and we are reaching up into this sibby here which is just before we get to the low of that daily cell bounce by sign efficiency. So we traded up into this one here and we're going to look inside all this price action and try to decipher what took place and also kind of like tip my hand tell you why I said and shared what I did on X this morning. All right. So here's the 15-inut time frame. This is a bell weather chart. That means it's one of those go-to charts where it gives me most of everything I would ever need and not even require looking at a daily chart or a 4hour chart or an hourly chart. Okay? So, all the liquidity pools, all of the pertinent imbalances, inefficiencies, and such, uh, you can see them on the 15-minute time frame, and it's very, very easy to frame out with experience. Not not just because I do this video, you're not going to be able to walk out there tomorrow and be able to do what I'm doing and what I've done, but it will help you understand the importance of this specific time frame. the 15-minut time frame. So, this blue line here is that daily bullish fair value gap. You can see we dove down into that here last week and we came back off of it, dropped back down once more here today in London and then we consolidated around in here, traded back above, came back in, had a little bit of a stop here, rallied up and took out the buy side here and this buy side there. and drawing into that daily cibby once again. Okay, so we have a new week opening gap. I'll mention that in a moment, but on the 50-minute time frame, I was teaching this week how you can very easily look at two close proximity 15-minute fair value gaps. And those six levels being the high, the consequent encroachment or midpoint of it, and the low of two specific 15minute fair value gaps. Now, which one is that? Well, where's the most recent one that's formed and what's the one that formed prior to that? Just looking back. That's all you're doing. And then you use that as a canvas to study price action. When you're brand new, you don't know what you're looking for. So, it gives you a a context to go in and start studying. Now, what happens when the price runs away and leaves both of them. Then, you start looking for the next 15-minute fair value gap. And you keep doing this continuously. So, you're always having a dynamic range or canvas to study price action instead of just aimlessly staring in price action and thinking to yourself like, I don't know what I'm looking for, so therefore, I'm wasting my time. Let me go watch Ballinger bands and moving average crossovers. By having the very specific fair value gaps that I mentioned this morning on X, I literally walked you through it in video format, too. Uh, I mentioned this one here. Now, why did I mention this one? This is the graduated perspective of it. Over time, when you practice this, you will see when you do hindsight analysis, which is what my detractors and naysayers love to, they're going to look at this video and say, "See, he's talking about hindsight. He's talking about this is easy, but they are not looking at what I did this this morning, June 2nd, 2025 on X where I recorded myself talking about the very fair value gaps and then uploaded the video in a manner that there's no way I could have talked for 31 minutes and then redubbed something or multiple times have you know all these different outs they'd like to say I have. But nonetheless, uh this is basically anchored right to the daily bullish fair. See that? So that blue line here, it intersects with that fair value right there. And then since I was looking at price action precession towards the end of London open, uh it we were inside of that. So now look back in time on the 15-minut time frame. This is the one that I chose was important. Why? Because it was inside the high of that drop down. That was a raid taking out sellside which makes this what? A bullish breaker. Oo, epiphany. See how that works? The little brain synapsis happening, firing. You like that sound effects? I'm paying extra money for that So, when we look at the imbalance in here at 15-minut time frame, we can start looking at the relationships between these two. And we can practice reading price action. We can demo trade. We can tape read, you know, just watch and see the fluctuations. And we need not be concerned about being right or wrong about whether or not this high is going to be taken out, this low is going to be taken out, this high, or that high. You we don't need to worry about that in the beginning. As a as a brand new student of price action, using the things I'm teaching, it's important for you to know that it's not imperative for you to know what you think you need to know right away. There's skill sets, there's processes, there's routines and drills that I'm putting you through. I'm not putting you through one today if you were on X. And it delivered multiple setups. And we'll look at that before I close this video, but I don't want to go too long and, you know, ramble on about things that are going to obviously be covered as as we naturally go through this video. So, just know that this high is the first green level and this here is the next buy liquidity pool. So, make reference of those numbers here, those price levels. That way it's understood what it's reaching for. All right, let's zoom in here. All right, same thing. 15-minut time frame and we're looking at it with the drop down below this heavy thick line. I thickened it up. That's the daily bullish fair value gap and we drove down into that there and then we started consolidating inside that 15-minute buy sell side efficiency and I added the gradient levels of 75 and 25%. So that way it kind of gives you a little bit more fine-tuning of the opportunities that could be afforded to you as a scalper or someone that's looking for pyramiding entries that if you want to tape reader or demo trade to build the affinity for that. But we reach up into the buy side here and we do it here as well. But look at the reaction off of that one right there. That fair value gap it's high and look how much time it spends inside hitting the key levels here. here we move start to move away from it there and now I'm going to drop down into a 15-minute time frame that shows a little bit more detail. So we're zooming in again. So this raid on sell side we drop back down in and right there we hammer the low of the 15-minute fair value gap. We rally up trading into the other 15-minute fair value gap which is again anchored to a PDA in and of itself. So see what we're doing. We're blending a confluence of PD arrays. We're not just looking at any one individual candlestick or PD array or focus point. We're blending a few of them. Now, if you recall, I counled you to try to avoid trying to pick a top in the NQ. So, if we see a low, high, lower low as we have here, bullish breaker, this is going to be salient. This is going to be worthwhile if we start studying this. And inside that going to the left, we see there's a fair value gap right there in the form of a cibby. So this is going to act as an inversion fair value gap at a later time. So as we go closer to the 9:30 opening in the opening range, we can anticipate a likelihood of the market wanting to rally back above it and then use that as a catalyst to send that higher. All right, dropping down into a one minute chart. Getting right into the nitty-gritty of this. Uh, we do have a new week opening gap here. And I'll already flush that out for you. And I want to just show you that this fair value gap that's in blue was from Friday. It was 12 minutes after 10 in the morning session. And this is Friday's week before. Um, and I'll show you exactly where they are in a second, but this was last Friday's first potential fair value gap in the opening range between 9:30 a.m. Eastern time to 10:00 Eastern time. So, just know that that's what these are here. And I'm not going to leave the new week opening gap levels on because it's not important. I just want to draw a parallel between this fair value gap from 10 12 a.m. 1 minute chart from last Friday is basically the same thing. So, I'm not going to over burden you with all these levels. Just know that this one here, I like to keep it on there because it's basically inside of the upper quadrant of the new week opening gap. So, I don't need it to be perfect. Just know that later in the afternoon, this new week opening gap high, which is last Friday's sellment close, uh, that's going to be where buyside is, and eventually you'll see how we draw up into that. But now, let's go over to this candlestick right here from last Friday on a one minute chart. You can see the time at 9:35 a.m. That's first presented fair value in the morning session on last Friday's trading, NQ. And then we have this candlestick right there which is just simply 12 minutes after 10. I liked it and I told you last week I liked it and because very specific PDA rays we carry them forward in time and that's why it appears in the analysis here. So right away one minute chart you can see how we were below that. So before 6:00 in the morning stops were rated we traded back up inside of it. this heavier blue line. It's eventually going to go away and you'll see that consequent encroachment level that's thinner just above it. That will remain in the chart. But just know that we traded down into the low of the fair gap there. We consolidated accumulated around the consequent encroachment of that fair value gap that's noted here. Then we traded above it hit the high and then gravitated towards that higher 15-minute fair value gap. worked this high here here taking about this taking out this high rather and we work down below it meandering around and right away I want to kill this idea that some of you are thinking because you want to talk about these types of things because you don't understand what I'm teaching you want to ABC123 indicator crossover some kind of Star Wars VWOP okay some kind of uh you know technical uh mumbo jumbo instrument that you can put on your chart that everybody else talks about too because you're all part of a, you know, little nerd group, okay? Level two data, that kind of stuff. All that stuff's ginex when you look for very specific inefficiencies. And the framework I gave you for finding them is pretty much the same. So, it's not ambiguous. We're not looking at, well, let me guess which one he's going to use today. Okay, I'm using the same logic all the time. But we want to study how price sweeps above it and below it. And once there's a sweeping effect, then it goes right back into using it again. Sweep below it, upset any liquidity below here, get back into it, use it as low, and then where we looking for it to trade to higher because we're trying to avoid what? Picking a top in the ENQ. And it rallies up. Where is it rallying? Taking out highs here. Okay. So again, we drop back down into it. There it rallies back up. Comes back down in pyramid. Pyramid rally up. take out that first buy side. Remember the the green lines? I told you to remember what they were before we went further in the video. And then when we opened up here in the opening range, they sink it all the way down to take out the sell side right below these lows inside that fair value gap down to the high of the first fair value gap I showed you to pay attention to today. Not first presented fair value gap, the first one I outlined in discussion in that video which is on X. And if I don't forget, just know that um you can easily prompt me to add the link to it if I forget cuz, you know, I'm getting in my older years and I I'm not as sharp as I used to be. Sometimes I forget to do things and, you know, I want to be able to have those links in the description or at least the comment section of this video. So that way people that are looking at it later on, years from now, they can click on it. It'll take them to the video on my ex channel where I outline all this stuff real time and whatnot. So, we're going to look at the first percent of fair fair value today for June 2nd, 2025 for NQ. And that's the very first percent of fair value here. Okay. And you can see how we were using relative equal lows here setting the stage for a initial rally up then drops down. They clear that liquidity goes right to the high of that 15-minute fair value gap. Then rips higher, comes back down. consequent encroachment upper uh quadrant and high in that area there leaving the lower half intact not doing anything with it that's exactly what we want to see if it's going to be bullish it rallies back up into last Friday's first percent of fair gap in gray and then back up into the first percent of fair gap for today Monday so we accumulate anything going long in here trading up higher into that 12 minutes after 10 fair value gap from last Friday which I shared it was it was one that I liked and you're going to ask me what that was, okay? And I'm going to just tell you honestly, it's another PDA that that Fairbag gap is and I don't want to teach it publicly. It will be in book, but it won't be public because there's so many people right now scratching together some Mickey Mouse version of what I'm teaching ongoing here, and they're just trying to get a book out ahead of me, but they're going to be incomplete. And I'm intending it to be that way because their books are going to be literally ridiculously misinformation. You can see all the accumulation of 1012's uh fair gap from Friday. They're accumulating it there and setting it up into the buy side above the high was formed here. And then they started taking out relative equal lows where sellside would be. So they drop it down to accumulate more sellside liquidity to go long. rallies up and then once more we have sell side here. They take it down below that accumulate that sellside side liquidity to be counterparty to smart money being long and they send it up higher. Moving into the future, same thing here. There's those lows we were just talking about and then there's the fair value gap there. They hit it once more, rally up, another fair value gap there in the PM session and they accumulate into the final 15 minutes or so, 10 minutes of uh trading market on close and they pump it once more. That rally up in there takes us above the new week opening gap high and I'll show you that chart in a moment. So here, this is what I kind of want want you to think about. Here's how many high frequency trading setups were based on just these two fair value gaps. Okay, we went below it. I told you that we would see that drop down to take the liquidity and then it rallies up, comes back down once more. Low of the day. Here's entry from here to here. This level here to that level here. That's that's one setup. Another one is here using the high of this fair value up to the low of this fair value. That's a price run. How many trades is that? Two already. two in a span of a very short period of time, less than a half an hour or so, you already got two trades on. Or you could have been using it as a long, partial, or pyramid for continuation to that one. See how you can have the flexibility. You decide what you want to do with this information. You decide, you flesh out your model. And then we have the turtle suit, which I showed myself uh trading run this high here. and we'll use a draw back into that second fair value gap on the 15-minut time frame that I outlined, which is the higher of the two. So, that was a short. You watch me literally do that on X today. And then going long here to do another run up to take out that high using the high of the Fairbag gap. It's in red to run by side. So, entry here, exit here. So, A is entry, B is exit. So, that way you're following along in the chart. Same thing here. going long here, taking out the buy stops above that high here. So, that's another trade using this simple fair value gap idea. And you keep walking forward. Every time the 15-minute chart creates a new fair value gap, you just add that on to the previous fair value gap that you were using in the series throughout the day. See how dynamic that range becomes? And you don't forget the other one. You know, like for instance, this one here. Say a 15-minute fair bag got formed above this one like up in here. Well, then you use this one and whatever that one was. And then this one you'd still have in your chart, but you would just work with the two most recent ones. And you're constantly reading order flow in relationship to those two 15-minute fair value gaps. It gives you a dynamic eb and flow of reading institutional order flow without garbage level two data, which is spoofed. Okay? I never use that information. I don't counsel you use that information. And because large institutions, investment banks, they can fake big blocks of orders to influence you guys, you retail traders to think that, oh, wow, it's going to probably gravitate to that because there's a big order number of contracts up there when it's neither important or many times valid. Dropping down into this here, just remember this price return to 21,237. We'll move forward. That's here. Okay. So we can see using the first positive fair value gap we can see a short here in first positive fair value gap down to this level. So entry to target or target here new entry here using the higher fair value gap from the 50-minut time frame up to first% of fair value gap low that that shaded green box. Okay, so that's a trade there. Entering here inside of Friday's first fair gap in the gray trade net up into this run up here, taking that liquidity out. You had to sit through all this time distortion and you can pyramid here. You can pyramid here and then finally getting out there and you can leave a runner on for the rest of the day if you wanted to to try to get a new week opening gap high. So, you know, in the past when people watched me trade the forex market and I ran the very small balances up to ridiculous levels and I did it in very short uh time span, I was trading just like this folks, but I was doing it with currencies and I was trading with four and a half, sometimes 5%. Each one of these trades I would be risking four and a half to 5%. And as that new equity would be building, it would allow me more lots for the currency that I was trading, building up, building up, building up, building up. And as it happens within a month, sometimes two two and a half months, you know, we're in the stratosphere because the equity curve is basically like the backslash. Folks, uh, that's the first one in this new series. And as I go through, I'll do I'll do forex as well. I was a little tired today. Uh, so I'll I'll give you an example in NQ each day and in a separate video I'll give you one with a forex pair. Okay. So until I talk to you next time, be


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ Review May 29, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lbbPDSI_Mc
================================================================================

Good morning folks. How are you? Just a quick little review. If you've been following along on my X account, I've been giving analysis and short little video pre-market analysis and whatnot, giving levels, targets, and just observations on what I believe the market was going to do this week. So, this closes out my week um the target I gave for this week's trading in NASDAQ futures. uh was delivered if you recall and if you haven't, you can find all this information on the YouTube channel and the supplementary analysis videos I've posted on X. So for the folks that are wondering about the Telegram channel, uh I'll be using that for study notes, okay? So, uh, you won't have to be in there to get the, uh, the real time stuff because that ends this month. And I'll be sharing, you know, pretty much like summaries, uh, things that are noteworthy. I'll be doing a project in June where I'm showcasing how if I was using electronic uh journaling versus the the handwritten hight touch versus the high-tech approach to uh journaling uh how I would go about doing it. It doesn't mean that this is you what you should do. It just means that I'm answering a question that mo most of my students have asked me for a number of years. Even uh charter member students that have gone through my private mentorship. They've asked if I could share how I would journal and uh I'll be doing that the last week of June. So anyway, with all that monologue out of the way, uh this is a daily I'm sorry, excuse me. This is a weekly chart of the continuous contract for NASDAQ. And you can find that on Trading View with the symbol NQ number one exclamation point. And it's important to use that when you're using higher time frame charts because it's it's a better way of showing continuity and price delivery because the front month or nearby contracts are always always spotty when you look back in the higher time frame. Even if you change it to a monthly or weekly chart, you're you're not getting the true perspective. So a continuous chart is helpful in that regard. So this wick here I did an announce on about a month ago and you can look at it again on all the content I posted on X and on this YouTube channel. I said this wick here while we were below it down here we would gravitate up into it and I was looking at the lower half of it. So this line here, the 22,103 level, that's the consequent encroachment or midpoint of this wick. So I'm only interested in this half and grading that in quadrants. So what we do here in this area is salient to what we'll do in the next month or five or 6 weeks. Ultimately, it's likely to see these highs get taken out because I'm not trying to pick a top. So the market has been shunning the traditional bearish seasonal tendency. So when it does that type of thing, it's usually very bullish. So I want to keep my focus in the lower half of this wick before I marry the idea that it's absolutely going to go above here. Okay? So while I'm submitting to the idea that order flow is bullish, it's likely to go up there, but I'm not hardlining that it's going there. I want to see how it delivers inside the lower half of this wick, which is why I have all the gradient levels here. Okay. So, if we take our attention down from this in the weekly chart inside this area here, we'll look at the daily chart and see the fair value gap I was mentioning this week and a couple weeks ago. You take a look at the daily chart here. This is the fair value gap. So this candlesticks high, this candlesticks low and it's a cibby. So we have this inefficiency and I have gradient levels in it. So it's the upper quadrant consequent encroachment in green lower quadrant and then the low and high is obviously shown by the rectangle being applied. So if we go back and look at what we were doing when price was trading in here, uh my commentary was suggesting that this low I wanted to see it continue obviously, but if it were to drop below that low, I wanted to see it act as institutional order for entry drill, which is just simply a partial entry into an imbalance. Okay, so we we had that actually deliver. It's probably random. And then the market trades higher, comes right back down into immediate rebounds. This candlesticks high. And I'll annotate that for you here. Now, I could go carried away here and make this video very, very long. Uh, but that's not my interest. But the immediate rebalance here and then sends it higher up into the lower quadrant of that daily car value. So, that for me satisfies my weekly objective. I'm certainly uh content with that. Everything delivered as I was expecting. Everything I gave guidance for on X uh this week has been just perfectly delivered. So, it's really hard to to be upset when the market does that. So, let's take a closer look inside of the lower time frames. We'll drop down to a 15-minut time frame next. Here we are on the 15-minut time frame. You can see the relative equal highs here. So, I went over this in the X analysis video clips and whatnot and posts. So, if you see these relative equal highs here, uh that was a upside objective. And then ultimately, if it gets above that, we would see it run up into that daily fair value gap that you can see they shaded up in here. Lower quadrant slammed by the bodies. Look at that. That's absolutely beautiful. And then we have a break lower. What we do today and Friday is really of no consequence to me because I I could care less. I have things I have to take care of in my personal life. So, this will be the last discussion I have over price action. So, I want to take a look at this with you. And this is a 15minute cibby which you can see over here. This should be anchored like that. So, body to wick dropping down in here. quadrant consequent encroachment in green. So since it was a city, it's going to change this character to that of something bullish. Bet sell sign efficiency that's just below this 15-minute inversion fair value gap. We consolidate rally up. I broke this down in here with these two wicks on X and it was just perfectly delivered as a long entry trading up into the 21,5 62.25 25 level, that relative equal high, and then market breaks lower all the way back down to the low of the 15-minute inversion fair value gap, but specifically to consequent encouragement of this candlestick right here. So, the mohawk, your little coloring outside the lines that we allow for with the wicks because they can do damage. The bodies tell the narrative. bodies are respecting the lower quadrant. We wick down touch the consequent encroachment or midpoint of this by side of balance cell side efficiency. Always include your uh volume of balance or the higher body. That'll be a a more specific topic that we'll cover in the book. The drop down here is FOMC and then we rip higher trading aggressively into This run right here is Nvidia related. So the market trades up into the lower quadrant of that daily.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ Review When 9:30am ET Is 1st Presented FVG May 18, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uC4-1SYXJFg
================================================================================

Welcome back, folks. How are you? All right, so this is a review for weekending May 16th of 2025. Right. So, we're looking at the weekly chart here. This is a continuous chart. So, to make sure everybody understands what we're looking at time-wise and what specific chart on NASDAQ, you can see add some lipstick in here. If you look at the wick here, it is a premium wick and consequent encouragement of that wick is here. And then I graded the lower quadrant and half of that wick. You can see all of the details in here. And I think should we get through this cibby 941.75 is the bullish draw liquidity. Now obviously it's Sunday early morning hours here in the east coast of United States. So the market is not open. It is not giving me the opening price. So without knowing that, I'm only looking at the likelihood of a continuation of what's already underway. The top of the cibby is here at 21,660 even and we traded right up into the upper quadrant of that on this particular trading week. all the details on here. You can look at that and study that on your own, but I'm just focusing up here. I'm trying to avoid trying to pick a top as you should as well. So, if we see things that are aligned with looking for higher prices throughout this week, I'll be looking for these individual levels here, more specifically uh 21 941.75. And then if we can get above the bounce point cor this premium wick which is the black top line here. If we get above 22103 that level being breached would send us into a continuation to all-time highs. All right, dropping down into the daily chart. Same levels, just adding a little bit more detail in here inside this range. We may bang around for a few days or jump right out the gate and run into that premium wick on the weekly chart. This in here needs to stay open in my opinion because we've gained so much ground for them to come all the way back down into this area in here problematic. And then it'd probably range around and chop in between the low of this 21,121 sib on the weekly and this gap in here. So it's kind of like do or die. I'd like to see it remain bullish. Otherwise, it becomes very, very difficult and we could start seeing it do these types of things if it gets back down in here. All right, dropping down into a 15-minute time frame. The red level here, obviously, you can see that is being carried from the higher time frame charts. So, that's going to be in the entire slides until we get to the last few. If it's an issue for you, you don't like the color, I don't care. Don't leave a comment because I'm going to do it the way I want to do it and you're just going to have to accept the way I'm doing it. All right. So, you can see how we work these levels here. These are all the quadrant levels in that weekly cibby working around the 21,400 level or thereabouts. Now, if you look real close, you can see there is a big sell liquidity pool resting around the 21,300 level. That might be an issue. If we gap down, for instance, on Sunday's opening. If we gap down, I would look for them to take this low here and maybe even accelerate down into this low here. Okay? But we've already done enough damage down here that if they come down for these and start the reverse, go back higher, that that's fine by me. But to go below this low and then we've already un unsettled the the sell stops over here with that run, made a higher high. So this is the only reasonable sellside liquidity pool that I think is useful. But if we go below this one, then we're probably problematic and we could start seeing accelerations down into this if this gives up the ghost. Okay, so these are just scenarios that I'm weighing out before the new week opens. Nobody knows where the new week opening price is going to be. We don't know how it's going to gap higher or if it's going to gap lower or it's going to open unchanged from Friday's settlement price. So speculating on the initial bias isn't 100%, you know, a procedure that I I would encourage you to do because anything can happen. Something can happen somewhere in the world. Bombs are dropping you. Anything geopolitical and cause a a crazy opening gap that would be completely out of left field. Nobody expecting it. So, you have to submit yourself to 6:00 Eastern time, see where the open price, and then you can start weighing out all your scenarios. But I just gave you both scenarios that would give me, I guess, the narrative I would operate under if we gap in a lower gap opening. We're looking for that low and that low for the sell side resting below that to remain bullish. I don't want to see it below that low. So, hopefully that kind of makes it clear. It's not that here's plan A, here's plan B, and whatever happens, I'm going to come back and cheer to see how right I am. This is a matter of weighing out what happens at Sunday's opening price. And you have to have a a trading plan of how you're going to engage based on how the opening is on Sunday at 6:00 and what is pertinent in the market right now. What what's what's available for liquidity? They left the high up here on Thursday. So if you look at that, there's a big pool of liquidity left up here and they could have baited with this late late late selloff before the settlement at 5:00 Friday. So we'll see. All right, jump down to a one minute chart. Looking at this chart like this, while we're inside of that larger weekly civi, I want you to take consideration about how I teach first presented fair value app or the AM session. So during the opening range of 9:30 to 10:00 in the morning, as I was teaching the the concept is was around the model that um taught my son Caleb, I gave him very specific rules. So, he would have to use the very first presented fair value gap that he could use would be at 9:31 Eastern time between 9:31 and 10:00. The very first fair value gap that forms on a one minute chart. That is his gap to use. Extend that throughout the day and throughout the week and you'll see how they're used over and over and over again. mentioned at the time when I first introduced this concept, I said that he would learn by experience when he could use the 930 one minute fair value gap. It would take some time in looking at certain things. So I I'm ringing in that now because I executed on it on Friday. You can watch the video that was posted prior to this one. But I want you to consider this candlestick right here. Now, normally this would be your first presented fair value gap, but there's a criteria that I'm going to show you when and how I use the 931 as the very first percent of fair value gap. Now, there's nothing inherently wrong with using this one. You know, if you extend that throughout the day, eventually you'll get something over here in the afternoon, but you're going to discover that it's gets real wild in here and it doesn't respect it as much as the level of that 9:30 one minute candlestick. So take a look in the lower right hand corner. You can see that the chart now is toggled to regular trading hours RTH. Okay. So, we're going to see the gap, the difference between previous days settlement price at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time to where we open at 9:30 Eastern time, the very next trading day. So, it's not showing you all the fluctuations in price overnight in Asia, in London, and then before the new AM session at 9:30 Eastern time. So you have to be aware of that price action still, but you can't ignore regular trading hour structure, which is what we're showing here. Okay. So if you take a very close look at where we opened up from where we settled previous Thursday at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time, we have a very large premium gap. That opening price here does two things. Number one, it triggers initial desire to want to be a buyer because a lot of retail traders just see the the price being flashed on the screen. It's like, well, yeah, it's that's a strong opening. But what do we do after we open? That's that's what a professional perspective is, not where are we at in relationship from the previous day's close to today's open. That's retail. That perspective, that measurement of bullishness or barness is identified through that lens. But a professional sees it from where do we open at and how do we close based on that open. And you want to think about that for your sessions, not necessarily just limiting it to daily range in its entirety. You want to be thinking about from the beginning at 9:30 to say 11 o'clock in the morning Eastern time. So that's your A.M. session. Same thing for the afternoon. Where do we start trading at 1:30 p.m. Eastern time for that opening range for the PM session? What's that opening price? The very first tick at 9 at 1:30. Then where we close at 4:00? You that could be your entire afternoon range. and where we open versus where we close. That's the professional measurement of the lay of the land, how the market is delivered. So, simply stated, we have a very high premium opening here. But if you're looking at regular trading hours, you're going to see that they opened it up above regular trading hours, relative equal highs. So in here we have Thursday's regular trading hours buy liquidity. And now looking at this right there, this is your first presented fair value app because it's done a raid on previous early trading hours relative equal highs. And now with that opening here, we measure the opening range gap. to find the consequent encroachment of that. Soon as we get the opening price right there, right there, boom, you know that you're looking for 70% likelihood it's going to pull back into that opening range gap 50% of it. Okay, so that's important to understand. When we see this, it's almost as if you have X-ray vision and you can read what price is reaching for and how it's engaging liquidity from both the regular trading hours market structure and also incorporating the same ideas with the electronic trading hours market structure which we'll look at in a moment. But this right here, that consequent encroachment is that level right there. So it comes up later on, hits it. And if you look real close, there's going to be minor buy side liquidity rating here. So this white box is the opening range gap for the A.M. session. So that's 9:30 to 10:00, that measurement. And we're looking for where we settled previously, which is here. and where we open and that's what we're we're showing the depiction of that. Okay. So, we're blending two elements there, time and price. And we're also blending in the elements of regular trading hours, time and market structure, and electronic trading hours and market structure. So, what do I mean by that? Well, before we do that, I want you to notice that we have all this run up in here. without having the need to take out that low. I want you to take a look in this little area right in here and see if there's anything useful that you might see as obviously for you it's going to be hindsight, but for an educator's moment to point out something to observe before we get further into the video inside this area in here. If you don't take this low out and you're expecting the market to break down, what might you consider in this little area in here? Pause the video. I'm not going to pause the video, Michael. Dropping down to the one minute chart. Now, I had this compressed and I'm showing it through electronic trading hours now. So, I've toggled my my ETH, RTH back to electronic trading hours. I have the range shown here that makes the opening range gap. That's that white shaded box here. If we're looking at how the market trades from reg trading hours and electronic trading hours, you have to look at the stops that are there. You have to look at how the market delivers to inefficiencies from inefficiencies to liquidity from liquidity to inefficiencies and stripped down. Let's just say you were looking at just the electronic trading hours only and you didn't even refer to regular trading hours. I teach you that going back from pre-market session 7 o'clock in the morning Eastern time to 9:30 opening bell that 90 minute window of time that could be your entire trading canvas where you you do all your work there and you don't care what it does after the opening bell. There's plenty of opportunities to do that. Or you want to use a session trading to give yourself a little bit of a buffer and then trade heavierhanded after you get the opening range and the true understanding of where the market's going to go after 9:30 opening. That's a little bit more advanced. That's what I usually do when I'm running up the accounts. I'll do things like that. I'll build in a buffer right before the major session I'm looking to trade. And that might be the afternoon. It might be I'm not trading in the morning because FOMC rate announcements coming out later in the afternoon. So I will do very very little light-handed trading preession because I know usually the morning session is going to be quiet, lethargic, choppy. And then after the initial distribution of price higher or lower at the 2:30 conference when they're now going to listen to the Fed chairman speak, that's usually the real move. And because I've done something early in the day, I've patted myself out. I would be willing to risk 75 50 to 75% of whatever I earned in that light-handed trading to leverage into what I think is the real move in the afternoon. So, these are some of the things that I like to do and how I use planned leverage and light-handed trading where I build a little buffer for the real big impactful event that I'm trying to actually trade that day or session. But if I take your attention back to some of the things I've taught using the obvious pools of liquidity that they cannot hide it from you, okay? You don't need level two data. You don't need volume profile. You don't need any you don't need any of that stuff. Okay? You don't need none of those things. But it makes you feel and look intelligent in the eyes of other people. When they look at your chart, it seems scientific, but it's simplistically shown by looking at time first. So, if we're looking at the 9:30 opening range, Eastern time for equities open, going back in time, what's the first thing you're going to run into? London sessions liquidity. Well, here you go. Here's London's low. What happens prior to that? Asia's sessions low. So, those are two levels that we would be looking for when we have the market opening up, trading above this short-term high, this short-term high here, and then bumping it right there at the open. So, so think just think about that for a second. Okay, we have a blending of regular trading hours and electronic trading hours to see kind of like an envelope, a a barrier at which we want to see price reaching for obvious pools of liquidity that doesn't need level two data is pointing to where was the high at, where was the low at in the Asian session, in the London session, and now we're building them for the morning session. that can be used for the afternoon or lunch macro. So this little bump up here taking out that high that something I pointed out to in one of my students live streams Dasha you know her as Lumi traders. So I shared that I said I ran the buy stops here and now I'm going to be looking for 21,360 and that's based on London low. Okay. So, I have witnesses over there that'll corroborate and say, "Yeah, he did that." But without having the need to do that type of thing. I mean, obviously, I've been doing this enough now. If you've been following me, if you're a student, you know that there's no hindsight required. I'm pointing to these things. I just want you to look for these types of conditions, these setups, these parameters, so that way you can start to formulate a routine that you follow every single session. You're not trying to reinvent the wheel. You're not trying to complicate it. You're not trying to bring every tool, every aspect of whatever I have taught into every situation because every situation doesn't warrant every PD array, every school of thought that ICT's ever codified. And you know, that's that's you as a student or that's someone that doesn't want to learn how to use this stuff. They just see all these tools, these these concepts, these procedures, and they think, "Oh, this is who's going to do all that?" Well, there's there's no application ever by me or a instruction by me to try to throw everything I have into every situation right now. Looking at a chart, you're not going to have every PDA right there. That's why knowing all of them generally is a good thing, but you're going to specialize in one or two and that's all you need. And your setup might not form that given moment. and you let it go and you trust that you'll find another setup or and this is my hope that you'll learn a lot of the continuation patterns that I teach with PD race like volume imbalances um mitigation blocks institutional or entry drills you know that that type of thing that's why it's beneficial for you to know like month four's content in my core content mentorship lessons you can find that on the YouTube channel where I'm teaching the PD PD array matrix and the general introduction to the basic PD arrays, not all 81 of them, but just the the most pertinent ones. I think that's going to be easy for the majority of all of you as retail traders being able to see that in price action and how useful they are. So, I want you to take a look at this buy side liquidity here taken. Buy side liquidity here taken. Buy side liquidity here taken. And we're seeing this occur in electronic trading hours that leads to that big pump up that keeps us above the relative equal highs in the regular trading hours. We're looking at electronic trading hours here. Okay. So this is one of the things that new students with me or those that maybe already trade but never know how to consider regular trading hours versus the effects of electronic trading hours market structure. You have to blend both of them. And if if you think that's a complication, I'm sorry, but it's going to require a little bit of thought. Okay? You're trading against the most elite minds in the financial worlds markets, um, arena. you're you're literally up against juggernauts with billions and billions of dollars behind them and complaining about how you know this should be easier for me then I'm not your mentor you need to go find somebody else find somebody's moving average crossover indicator that type of stuff and just do really really good risk management and you might be profitable you know and I wish you good luck and God bless you if that's what you want to do but I just don't I don't think like that I want to know what's going on I want to know how I can formulate plan that the algorithm will refer back to the same things I'm teaching you. Everything stems from time, delivery, and then price. It's time for the market to do something before price will do it. That's it. The only time it doesn't occur like that is when there's a geopolitical upset, some kind of thing that you didn't see. a terrorist attack, a a bombing, a war breaks out, an assassination, a terrible um earthquake rocks, a a specific area, anything of that nature that's an act of God that you you just can't predict those types of things. So, apart from those things occurring and manual intervention, market's going to book by timebased delivery first and it's going to refer to price when it's time to refer to price. That's what an algorithm does. That's what this price engine does. There is absolutely one algorithm on every instrument that is delivering price. It's not buying and selling pressure. It's this engine that keeps pushing, offering higher prices. No matter how many people want to sell it, that's going to keep ticking and keep ticking, keep ticking, offering higher prices. And because there's people always coming in at market orders and because there's pending orders, there's always going to be a price that they can use that the book. You only need one contract to cause the price to create the candlestick at that higher low. You don't need big volume. The folks that believe in volume having any real basis behind all this, it's infantile because there's liquidity above the high that never gets tapped. There's liquidity below the lows that never gets tapped. What constitutes the reasons for why it doesn't get there? Because there's certainly not unwillingness for people to to buy and sell just because it went to a specific level. There's people that are stupid. They just they trade moon cycles and and horoscopes and things like that. There's all kinds of nonsense that's constantly out there causing people to be impulsive. So why does the market stop at my levels? Why does it why does it respect those types of things? Because I'm aligned with what the algorithm is going to do. I'm keying in on where the actual liquidity is that you can just simply see visually. You don't need any kind of instrument, any kind of service that tells you this is how many orders are above or below this level or at this level. All those things could be faked. Big institutions do that a lot. They'll put a big big order, a block of, you know, 500, 600, a,000 contracts at a specific level because they know all of you are constantly out here trying to find signs that the big guys are doing. And then because you see these big blocks orders, you're going to naturally assume that, well, I think they're going to go up there and get that big order up there. So, what is that going to do? That's going to lull you into and prime you to be a buyer until we get up and hit that level. When in fact, what they're doing is they're selling into that in smaller blocks as it's going up there. But right before it gets close enough, they pull that order away. That's spoofing. But you you don't think that's going to be an issue for you because everybody in the circles on Reddit and Facebook groups and Instagram and Tik Tok and X you all think that that makes you scientific. It makes you a professional trader. It makes you institutionally minded because you have level two data. All you have all you have is a myth because those things don't make price go up and down. those a lot of those orders aren't even there. Actually, when you see price go there over time, the order size starts to diminish. It starts to diminish. It starts to diminish. And once you get there, look at the time in sales. A lot of times the number of contracts that you saw initially, they're not actually traded there. So, how you going to have any faith behind that? And it doesn't give you direction because there's lots of orders above and below market price. There's ladders above with price levels and below market price. So what's making you feel so sure that the the number of contracts that you're looking at on this dom depth of market it's not dome what constitutes the reasons why you should expect the price going up to that level or down to that level when if you really look at it it's generally pretty much an even distribution of how they bracket all those things because they're they're controlling you they're influencing you with those They can do a lot of stuff just outside the range of market price. And a lot of you collectively, even though you're small fry retail traders, a lot of you are looking at those things. And they only need one contract of your trading to book price and cause all kinds of chaos and ripples to go through the marketplace. So yes, they can use the back of a retail trader's order and break the market and start the spooling effect and take price wherever they want to go. Markets don't always turn on big volume. And if you studied volume, you'll know that a lot of times when the market makes a high, they're doing it with less volume than the previous volume seen at the previous high. So think of it as a false breakout. In that sense, volume does precede price. But I already expect that type of stuff happen before volume ever even comes into the conversation. So I don't look at those archaic tools, those reference points because I know how liquidity is going to come in the marketplace. I know it. And you don't need any of these external tools. All you need is the chart, the open, high, low, and close. And what time is the high and at low formed? Asia session, London session, pre-market session, 7:00 to 9:30 open. And then you have the 9:30 to 11:00 where it's your liquidity and net because that's your A.M. session. And then the lunch macro will pull against that. even it's going to stay consolidation or if it's going to reverse or continue. It's going to go back into the range for that liquidity that was formed at 10:00 going into whatever it has done during the lunch hours. It does this every day, folks. Every day does that. And then you have the PM session which will use the lunch macro liquidity and or the AM session liquidity. And that cycle repeats over and over and over again. They cannot hide it from you. They cannot cause any kind of distortion in your data. Okay? Everybody is going to have the same price high and low across all the brokers because you're trading in a real market. You're not trading a CFD. You're not trading in forex where every broker gets to to mess around with the the highs and the lows. That's this what makes these markets better. They're a gentleman's market. They're not a cowboy that wants to ride like on a crypto market where everybody gets a chance to do stupid stuff. So, that jawbone a little bit there. I apologize, but I want you to take a look at this area right in here. We're zoomed in now. And I want you to see how see all these highs here are just falling short of this area right in here. This ci bounce buy side in efficiency. minor buy side liquidity here. The market stays in this consolidation. So at 9:30 we open, we hang around, bang around, bang around, bang around, and finally retrace back up because if it's going to go down, they're going to price in a premium and they're going to take out some measure of buy side. And that's this area right here. Trades right up into that level and then breaks comes back up. Breaks one more time. And in here, I'm looking for a short because we're in the lower portions now of this CBI. Add in the other, which I'll have in my charts in a second, but the way I teach first value gap this week, I pointed out several of them, and you're instructed by me to always project them in the future. So, in Trading View, you just toggle it extend to the right. And if you do that and you label them, as you'll see mine in a moment, it helps you stay organized. But you don't have to have the all these things on your chart that you're looking at every day all day long. You should always have a naked chart, nothing on it, cuz it allows you to see things with a blank slate or a canvas that doesn't have any paint on it. It gives you a a fresh perspective constantly. So throughout the day, throughout the morning session, the afternoon session, I'll take everything off my chart and look at price action like that. So that way I'm not marrying the idea. I'm not forcing my will in the marketplace because by having all these annotations on the chart, if I'm making examples for you and I'm executing and taking live trades, these annotations are not necessarily on my chart when I'm trading because I don't want to force that outcome on my end result expectations and you can do that by dressing your chart a lot and by managing the information that you're curating taking all these things first present the fair value gaps uh new week opening gaps new day opening gaps I have nothing on my chart no reference at all to those there like I'm not looking at new week opening gaps or new day opening gaps in any of things I'm showing you here today all of those things add but You don't have to apply it to every oh well not to every to the chart you're looking at your your bellweather chart the one you look at basically majority of the time throughout the trading sessions that you're trading you want to have templates you want to have things that you can toggle and refer back to periodically like every couple minutes you say where are we at in regards to the last five new opening gaps where are we at in regards to the last five new week opening gaps where are we in regards to you the Asian session uh liquidity from earlier in the week, Monday or Tuesday or Wednesday, you want to constantly referring to all those pools of liquidity and you will start to see the rhyme and reason of what price is doing. But until you start keeping a a log of all these things, you won't fully appreciate what I've been what I've been teaching all these years in front of you and executing on it, my students executing on it. The fact that you can't identify any of it is because you're not annotating your chart and logging them and collecting them and then studying at the end of the week before the the week opens up. You should have already spent about 30 minutes to a maximum of an hour reviewing where the turning points took place intra week intraday. What was the weekly high and the low? How did that relate to what the weekly chart and the monthly chart is suggesting? And you get closer to what the market's doing by doing things like that. All right. So this is your first recent fair value gap and consequent encroachment of that gap is here. So you can see we traded up into it bumping the buy side. Consequent encroachment of first bay gap at 9:30 breaks lower comes back up hits it one more time there. And we're staying outside of what the upper half. That's order flow theory with my PD arrays. It's always like that. It's always like that. And no, you don't find that in any books. I had another joker on X yesterday talking the same nonsense. It's all these concepts have always existed, but they never tell you what book, what author, what page number, and show them doing what I'm doing here. It's not there, folks. It's not. And I love sound like a broken record because it needs to happen because you have AI. And the more people constantly put out their false information, they will lay down a false narrative saying that this was stuff that was seen in books. And that's why I challenge people, that's why I remind all of you, I have 5 million US dollars that says you can't find my work anywhere prior to 1996. It's in fact you look at it like this. In 2016 when I started doing paid mentorship, that's when I was revealing it to the public in a broad range where I wasn't doing it one-on-one like I was in the '9s. So 2016, you don't even have to go back prior prior to uh 1996. Just go to 2015. Okay? Can you find it there? No. It exploded because my mentorship was so soughta and everybody copied it. Everybody parided and all sample from it. They all sample from it. That's okay. I mean, that's what a teacher wants, right? He wants students to to learn. But there's this movement. They want to try to hide the fact that I'm its originator. I'm its creator. And I codified these things and they did not exist in any form, fashion, any way as you see me teaching and using them. That's why no one else handles them as well as I do. You are forced to look at these concepts. They're your own perspective during the times that you can trade during the times of your study. And you're going to see that the way I have created this language for you, you can engage this algorithm, this market, and do things that fits your schedule, your personal life, your personality. You're you're given the freedom to pick whatever PDA you want? Who says that you have to be at the high when you're shorting? You don't. Who Who says you have to be at the low when you're going long? You don't. I don't always get the opportunity to be in front of my computers when the setup's there and I can't enter the trade right at the low or the high. So, I'll use continuation ideas that my PDAs offer me because I'm looking at order flow. I'm trusting that what I'm expecting to be delivered. I can still frame a trade and and manage risk, you know, in a manner that's not excessive. So, let's break this down a little bit further. But as the market drops down in here, there's a fair value gap there. And then there's volume imbalance right here. Separation between the bodies. So the market trades up into that and then breaks down trading down into Friday's London Southside liquidity pool. Right in the month minute chart here you can see I've identified the Friday London session liquidity, Friday Asian session liquidity and then Thursday's regular trading hours. And earlier in the video I told you to look inside that low and you'll see that there's a little fair value right there. It's a buy sign out sell side and efficiency and we traded right down into that. You see that? So what is this level here? If you measure the opening range high to low and you run a negative 1.5 standard deviation on your fib, you'll get that projection. It takes us below both London and Asia sessions liquidity right here. So that's the level and it trades down to that inefficiency but not needing to take out Thursday's low. So here is that zoomed in that little fairway gap I was quizzing you on earlier in the beginning of the video. This is what you should have seen and we don't need to see Thursdays or the trading hours sellside liquidity be taken. All right. So stripped down in a normal fashion. This is what my charts look usually look like and it looks like this when I'm doing the execution when I'm showing it to you. Here's the bump on the buy stops. Here's the opening range gap. First presented fair value gap inversion fair value gap. I see this low here. That's the start of a new day. This is a first presented fair value gap at the start of the new day. Project that forward. You can see how it's being used here. And then they finally bump through it. Leaves it. Never comes back. That's a good thing. And then you have this sell sign and balance buy sign and efficiency here. Project that forward. And then here's a minor sell side liquidity attacks. And then you have volume and balances in here. And you can see all that how that was used in the recorded execution. And then you have Tuesday's PM session first. You got it draws down into that too. So look at the bodies respecting that. Think about that. It's It's interesting, isn't it? You're going to tell me that's buying and selling pressure. Everybody that doesn't follow what I teach somehow agreed to be buying and selling to afford the opening price and the closing prices of these two candles to reflect the respect of that Tuesday PM session first value. You're you're going to push real hard to to make that argument. I'm going to laugh in your face. All right. All right. So, we're going to moving in to a little bit more of the morning session here. We project that forward at fair value gap. Now, we change its character from that of a sellside imbalance buy side in efficiency which is going to be used to sell off further to get down to our target. But now, when the market has done our target, it's going to consolidate and trade above it. Now, it changes its character. Its initial bearish character now becomes bullish. Look at respecting the consequent encroachment here. here rallies back up into the actual first percent of fair value gap at 930 falls short of going into consequent encroachment comes right back down in fair value gap you can do that on your own with sellside hits it rallies comes back up in volume of balance rally and then we get back up inside of the first positive value gap you're going to want to put your gradient levels in there so in other words you're going to use the high upper quadrant consequent encroachment which is midpoint lower quadrant and the low. Put that on. I just didn't want to have it on here cuz it's too busy. But you can see that that's what's occurring here. It trades up, comes down to lower quadrant, consequent encroachment, upper quadrant, and you're seeing the beginnings of the afternoon session in here. But this is the morning A.M. session. Opening range gap first presents a fair value gap. Huge. Lots of things in there. Sounds like word salad, but this is what separates the lazy from the people that really want to understand how to to manage risk. know when setups are going to form. Never fall victim to fear of missing out. Never fearing uh you a shortage on supply of trades. Okay, these things happen every single day. What do you think the professionals are doing? The people that aren't teaching like I am, they're out there in these big institutions. What do you think they're doing? You think they're out there guessing all the time something different every day? No. They have models. They stick to rules. And I'm giving you time and price analysis. That way you can tap into these setups that form every single day. They cannot hide it from you. You don't need extra, you know, level two institutional tools and all this other stuff. They want to try to sell you these gimmicks. They're all used against you. All of them. The things I'm teaching you, it is the market. Right here's the afternoon. And you can see that is the first presented fair value gap for the PM session between 1:30 and 2:00 Eastern time. Market trades down to the low of the actual A.M. first presented fair value gap rallies back above consequent encroachment and then look how it accumulates inside of the first resistive fair value gap between 1:30 and 2:00. It helps you identify the actual fair value gaps. That's going to help you know which one to trust. A lot of you don't realize what I've done. Okay, I've I've pulled back the veil and I'm teaching you how to never fall victim to picking the wrong fair value gap. You'll never find that in any books besides what I've wrote and codified and people have already put out there incomplete. They don't have all the full information, but they're trying to rush it out there to put it in print form. I have a book that was teaching that verse, but you pared what I said in my mentorship lessons and it's incomplete. All those things are incomplete. My books will fill in all the gaps. That way the ones that have rushed to put books out there are going to look like fools. And that's okay. But the first of Bay gap gets used here in a a reversal of what its original character was. Over here it was bullish because it's a buy sign and balance sell sign efficiency. The market can use that if it trades back down into if it's bullish. But what happens if you're seeing the market trying to trade higher? It's used here to send price up and then what happens when it trades below it changes its character. Now it's using consequent encouragement of that level to send it down into sell side liquidity over here and zoomed in here. Uh you can notice that we had sell side buy side this run here during the 315 to 345 macro rallies last hour trading. Look at the Thursday 60 minute premium wick. Okay, the the highest 60-minute candle on Thursday's trading. There's a wick on it. Measure it. So, it shows just the 50% of the um wick. That's what this level is here. That's the consequent encroachment of Thursday's 60-minute premium wick. It hits that, sells off, consolidates, and breaks. We have a shift in market structure here. Here's model 2022. fair value gap breaks lower trades to PM session first present the fair value gap that's always low hanging fruit and then it trades to the low of it attacking the sell side here and then just just extrapolates to the downside right folks I know some of this might seem complex convoluted you know excessive I'm not going to apologize for that because the results that I show in my executions and my students show in their executions, they're all derivatives of the things I'm teaching and have taught you. I'm literally doing things that are referring back to very specific times, very specific PD arrays, very very specific ones. The the rhyme and reason behind why I'm picking them are not it's not morphing and changing into new things all the time. It's always the same same stuff. It's the time reference first so that way you can find it that we can go into your charts without me mentioning it because at the end of this month that's it. We're not doing any more live pointing to this. I'm not calling out anything. Whatever I do is going to be after the fact hindsight talking about this is what I did and how you can do it too. The pointing to it before it happens that ends this month. So the things I've taught you, it will serve you well because it's something that will allow you to go right into your charts and say, "Okay, here's that 30 minute window of time that I got to just wait for the very first fair value to form in this time window on this time frame, one minute chart. That information is gold. It's the golden ticket to the chocolate factory. Okay, I'm Willy Wonka and everybody's getting a golden ticket and you didn't have to pay for it and nothing can beat it. Nothing's better than it. Nothing's more precise. Nothing's more consistent. Hello. You're welcome. Until I talk to you next time, be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ Review Advanced 1st Presented FVG Trade May 16, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o38k6-twQCg
================================================================================

[No English subtitles available]


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ Review Presession Trade May 15, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VteCEU9i4Zc
================================================================================

Right folks, good morning. So, we had relative equal lows in here. Uh we had a sweep right below that uh on Wednesday short I took yesterday. And then moving into PPI, Fed Chair Pal speaking at 40 this morning. We have unemployment claims this morning at 8:30 and then I believe we have something at 10:00. I don't have it in front of me. I apologize. But um we had a nice sell off overnight here and we used Tuesday's PM session first of value gap as a London short and we dip down inside of that daily. Let's go through the do the chart real quick cuz I know some of you are like what is going on here. If you recall, we've been bullish bullish. We were aiming for this PDA right here, the city. We want to see it trade above it, come back down, treat it as an inversion fair value gap. I'm still under the expectation of that. and try to reach up into this area here. This inefficiency and back down just a one minute chart. See that is the fe I told you I wanted to see go above it and come back down in. So, we worked inside this consequent encroachment level here and we're just reaching the high of that fair value gap that I told you I was aiming for on the daily chart. And then we have this up here. So, it's a lot of range still, but with PAL speaking and all other stuff on the plate today, I mean, hey, anything can happen. But um overnight we have the London sell off here. Really really nice. And then uh we have a new day opening gap here. I'm not going to color all this in. It's just for you to take a look at it. And then yesterday's uh business over here. Um, I'll show you the uh executions. That was a business on Wednesday. I was walking you through on X. Just a very low hanging fruit objective. Reaching for that, not requiring that. Holding on to it would have been a wonderful run up in here, but that's okay. Selling short there as I showed you in review. taking the profits below the relative equal lows and then we went to consolidation. Okay, no other trades overnight. Slept in this morning London session and here's the business over here. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to just take this off because it's too much going on for the uh for the morning and it's the high that Fairbay got on the daily chart. So, I could be wrong about where it's going to go. It may not go up here and clear out the buy stops up here, which I think is a potential scenario if we start to rally. So, I'm watching this area here. Too smooth. Okay. So, uh you can see how we used the fairway gap here. Again, you're projecting these in the future, folks. And I see a lot of people complaining and don't worry, I'll get down to the the nitty-gritty over here while I did what I did here. Um but when you create templates or workspaces in your charting platform now I obviously I use trading view but the the idea of saving workspaces or templates where you keep pertinent information organized that way like for instance let's say like this you want to keep a workspace of only the PM session, first resp. So that way when you toggle that on, your chart will only populate the last five or last 10. Okay? So that way you can see your uh price delivery in reference to those PD arrays. You can do the same thing with first presented fair value gap in the New York open, the regular opening range between 9:30 and 10:00 Eastern time. You can do it with the Asian session. You can do it with the London session. Um, and that way you're not holding a ton of things on your chart. Like, as you can see here, I'm only looking at things that are pertinent. And it's because I go through all of my templates that I have and I focus on the the information that's salient for that given market structure. So that's why I counsel you to to be a little bit I'm sorry to be a little bit more organized when you're collecting your information. You don't have to have a chart. Well, first of all, it's impossible for you to navigate if you use every possible thing that I ever refer to as a PD array. It's overkill. So what you need to do is spend time organizing. That way the information is at a click but it's not inundating you with over saturation of information where it's analysis paralysis. So only thing we're looking for is things that lead to the likelihood of a market running to an old high old low for liquidity or inefficiencies so that way it can uh redeliver and offer efficient market pricing for that given market structure on that given day or moment. So anyway, the daily fair value gap I told you we were want to trade two and above and come back down in and treat it as inversion fair value gap. Here is the consequ encroion or midpoint of that level. This level here is just simply where sellside was. So I'll take that off. You can see that when you're in charts and then we went back above consequent encroachment of that daily fair value gap and trade up into a smaller Asian session. Remember this is an Asian session first presented a fair value gap. It uses that rate of consequent encroachment perfect delivery trades back down the consequent encroachment midpoint of this larger daily fair value that we watching for it to act as a discount array. And if you look in here this candlestick right there, what I'm doing is I'm using this right here. I wanted to see this act as bullish scanner. Okay. And you can see that right there using encroachment of that. So when I open trade down and I'm looking at this level here, wanting to see it rally back above and take out this high. My stop loss was consequent corroion of this buy side and balance outside efficiency. So your volume imbalances. So stop is right there. I close to it. Left relative equal lows. Came back above. Tapped it here. Rallied. Scenario. Here is this buy set bounce sell sign efficiency. I added to it permitting. You see the business there right there. consequent encroachment of that bullish fair gap. Okay. And once price rallied out, the stop loss was raised up and saw you saw where it was at uh at the time of the recording of this presentation here. Then it rallied above Asian sessions two days ago. Asian sessions first% of every bag gap. Look at the bodies respecting that consequent encroachment level. and I added to it. So you can see as we traded down into it just below the consequent encroachment level without confident that we hit that because we have a breaker here. Look at the bodies and then look at the bodies over here. So while we didn't see a lower low for the wick, look at the bodies. The bodies are telling you the narrative behind price. So we have a low of this candlesticks close and then we have the open of this candlestick. So the bodies went lower on this swing low than it did in this one. So that constitutes a bullish breaker which is this high here. And it's inside of an old leion session first presented fair value gap and a bullish context that I was using on the uh interest that this was going to be treated as a inversion fair value gap consequent encroachment level midpoint of it to send price higher and I added more to it there and you watch me do the actual manual close here which I'm still um I'm still interested to see if it can go higher but with all the things going on inside the next hour or less. I I don't want to stand in front of that. I don't want to stand in front of pal the Fed chair. Um it's it's a it's a loaded scenario for some pretty wild uh explosive price action that may or may not even make any sense. You know what I mean? So uh that's the business today and um that officially will close my my trading week for this week. So hopefully you found insightful until I talk to you tomorrow or sooner, Lord willing. Be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ Review Presession Buyside Turtle Soup Trade May 14, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAZS6840r7U
================================================================================

Welcome back folks. Just a quick little review on NASDAQ today. Here's the fairway gap I told you we would likely drop into. I wanted to see if it would perform as an inversion fair value gap. Once it got above it, uh this gap right in here is the next draw. And same premise here. If we can get above it, get back in, treat it as an inversion fairway gap around the high here and up here. Okay, so that's that's the draw. There's a small little gap in here. Just be mindful of that as well. Drop right down into a one minute chart. All right. So, we're looking at the one minute chart on NASDAQ and show you the business here. All right. So, we had uh this morning I walked you through a live execution on X. So, I walk you through every individual candlestick, how it should behave down here and draw up into the liquidity here and not need to take out that high. So, there's a small little run here. You can see that there. Okay. So, I'll counsel you to look at the X account. I'll post the uh the link to the video in the comment section of this video so you can see it. And then today we had my side and at the open at 9:30 right there we ran away and left relative equal high. relative equal lows, excuse me. And looking back at 7:00, we opened here. So, where's the buy side here? So, it rallied up, ran above that. There's me entering at that high and inside of ver gap. Yeah, anchored the right way. All right, you can see that's the business there. So, upper quadrant of that and the old high and the market dropped off aggressively. Um, right in here, the initial stop loss was half of this wick wick right here. Okay. And there's the entry and the market breaks lower. Consequent encouragement doesn't get back to consequent encouragement. Works the lower half. Still breaks. runs for the relative equal lows in here. And you can see that being filled there right below right below that line. The rest of the day we've been meandering around and it's likely to draw to that daily objective over time. Tomorrow we have big news as well. Just be be aware and be careful. Until I talk to you the next time, be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ Review CPI No Trade May 13, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlLAqucv5n8
================================================================================

Back books. Just a quick little review on NASDAQ for May 13, 2025. Here's a daily chart. As I mentioned last night, we would be looking for it to run up into this sibby next and then I want to see if it can climb back up above it and use as an inversion per gap to set the stage for a run up into these highs here. So, we didn't get much of a retracement, you know, at the opening bell. So, we'll take a look at that. So, here's one minute chart. This is CPI number, you know, as I mentioned on Twitter, and I shared the same thing in the Telegram channel. Um, would have rather seen it use CPI to drop down, take some sellside, and then do these size runs here up into that blue fair value gap that I mentioned on daily chart last night. And today you can see where it traded to sellside liquidity pool taken here. If you do a measurement on the open to the low of that CPI number wick, you'll see a upper quadrant of this wick overlaps with this as well. And we have first percent of fair value gap for Tuesday's trading. Opens trades down hits it here runs away. Fair value gap here include that volume and balance. Then we have a breakaway gap, measuring gap, and then slightly higher it should go. Um, the 10:00 Eastern time silver bullet. That's this right here. It's also overlapping with the 950 1010 macro. You can add that on your own charts. Trade up the consequent encroachment of that daily fair value gap which was the cibby on the daily chart which was our objective and then we used the consequent encroachment here traded to the high of it upper quadrant and then outside of it here. So we're going to look at the afternoon now looking up over here. All I did was make the chart a little bit taller. the same upper portion of that previous slide or the daily cibby that that's the blue shaded area here on the chart. So, we traded outside of it, came back into a busy, rallied once more, got to the time of day we like to look for the opening range, which is 30 minutes, 9:30 p.m. Eastern time to 2:00 Eastern time. So, you look for the range in here to give you your first present, which is here. And as you traded into the final hour trading, market rallies up, falls short. Look at the bodies. Failure swing up here. Failure swing here. The bodies tell the story here. We break lower below the first percent during 3:15 p.m. Eastern time to 3:45 p.m. Eastern Standard Time macro. and we break lower, come back up in candlesticks close, candlesticks low with the volume of outs included. This acts as an inversion fair value gap. And I didn't want to draw another rectangle over top this one because this is going to act as an inversion fair value gap as well. We break lower, come back up into midway consequent corrosion of this gap. We break aggressively lower and this bside balance sell side efficiency should act as an inversion fair value gap as well. It does so here and delivering down into the sellside liquidity and the short-term low over here for good measure. Wednesday I'll be looking for the likelihood of trying to make an attempt to get down to the lower portion of this daily fair value gap and if it can break a little bit lower we'll look for Tuesday's first presented fair value gap as a draw. Uh that's what I'm watching. I'm not trying to press it hard obviously uh on the daily chart I'm bullish but for intraday volatility if we can find a way to set up a scenario that leads back down to Tuesday's first percent gap because it really didn't redeliver back to it. It just was a immediate delivery to it like one candle after it's formed. So it's kind of like it's not enough for me. Um so we'll be looking for that. At least I let me say it this way. I will be looking for something like that and then there it is. So, will we uh watch and see what the market does open tomorrow? That's it folks. Hope you found it insightful, helpful, inspiring, encouraging. Until talk to you next time, Lord willing, be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - ICT Venom Example May 12, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FjSHAOI-Mok
================================================================================

Folks, welcome back. Do a quick little review on NASDAQ. And recall we had this fair gap down here. I told you as long as we're above that and we don't close below it, we will remain bullish. The near-term draw was going to be this swing high in here and specifically March 26, 2025's high. And then we had the news over the weekend that China and Trump's administration has worked out an agreement. That's not a resolution, okay? But obviously that news was received well and they built in a premium opening and something like that. You never want to chase after that and just go straight in and try to be a buyer of it. Always look for some kind of a discount. And because we opened below that March 26 high, uh, that would be still a candidate to expect it to draw up into it, but not see much of the gap closure between settlement on Friday and opening here on record trading hours, Monday morning, 9:30. So, this is the next level I'm watching. So, we trade up into this bearish order block and this gap between this candlestick's low, this candlestick's high. That's what I'm denoting. I have it set blue because I want to see it trade above it, come back down in, treat it as an inversion for everybody gap. And if it does something like that, I would be expecting these highs to be t uh you basically tackled. If things don't un unravel, okay, things can obviously spin out of uh left field any given moment with all the things that are happening, you know, geopolitical front. So that's what we're seeing this year. Gap risk. Gap risk is where we settled previous day and then when we open up, are we settled and we open up? Are we settled when we open up? So we're seeing lots of big gaps like this. Okay? And these big gaps [Music] are many times the very mechanisms that's going to slow down the frequency of setups. Meaning you have to be a little bit more selective. And that's not a bad thing. It just means that your your rate of frequency is probably going to slow down because all of this movement's being done in the gap event. And then you got to be very nimble with what you're looking for in your day. So with that, we have all these, you know, many things that I do on my chart faciously. I know. Uh we're going to drop down into a one minute chart, right? And we're going to go back to the opening and 9:30 should be right there. So this big drop down that's going to be first presented fair bay gap there because it has to be 9:31. So we have this to that. Okay. So that's Monday's the first presented fair gap of the week and we're going to extend it to the right. And I'm going to border it with a black line like that. Okay. So it denotes it as a specific fair gap that should extend through the week and it should be used every time it gets to it until we close out on the last hour trading or the last 30 minutes of trading on Friday. All right. So that's the business there. Let me double check this. close 865 and a quarter open 865.75. So this one went higher. So this is drawn correctly. All right. So when we see like on the the day when we open up a huge gap opening and that'll be shown this way. See that big gap right there? That's 6 p.m. last night right there. And we have all this business running out the high we were aiming for. on a daily chart in our analysis. And then at London open exactly at 3:00 in the morning, we get this huge run up here pumping it up and then it stays in consolation and right at 9:30 to dump it here and made this short-term low and then went back to first percent gap. sells off. Taking the sell side out here during a time when it's primarily bullish. We're looking for higher prices still. Okay. So, we're going to go to a fiveminute chart. I'm going to show you which will be obvious when we get here. And there is this morning's setup right here. So, we have that low taking up the sell side with this stab below it. So right away whenever I'm looking for a stop run and I have a bias that's bullish or bearish in this case told you we've been looking for higher prices as long as that daily yellow fair gap doesn't have a close below it. My interpretation is is the market's going to want to go higher. It's going to reach for discount to premium runs like it drops down to a discount to a PDA that is bullish to run to a higher time frame premium array. Okay? Okay, so that's why I gave you the the higher time frame daily that's up here. You can see that's at fair cup. I want to see it try to trade too and turn into an inversion fair gap. But right now, this is where we're at this morning. 9:30 opening. Uh first of everybody gap is in here on the one minute chart. But this run below that low here. That is going to be our catalyst for venom. Do we have a single candle run below the cell solid coding pool? Yes. Do we have a candle that leaves that low and goes back higher on one singular pass higher? So we have a sell off at least one minimum u number of candles at least one below and then leading it. Well we have one two and then here we have the big buy side sell side efficiency. So, we have Cibby, inject the venom, run away from it. So, here's the two fangs. Okay, that's the play on words I call for my venom account or venom um PD writing set up. The criteria is we're going to be a buyer, but we have to be a buyer at the opening price here on that thing or less. Okay? And there's that. So, we have to be a buyer at that price or less. Look how much time it spent in distortion. That's what this is. A time distortion. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 candlesticks over an hour just sitting in there just you banging around. Not doing much of anything with these small little ranges here. But the range high from here to here, you can clearly see there's an equilibrium price point that it worked off of. See, it's just hovering around that. So, that price is um just the consolidation of all this garbage type price action, which is meant to wear you out. Traders are not going to see this as an obvious long. They're not going to see this as an obvious short because it stays here and it frustrates them. So, what you have to do is you have to submit to something and stick to it. So, this candlestick's low is risk and this candlestick or less is an entry for this Venom model. Okay. So, I'm going to show you the entry. There's that. And it was just simply me looking at where we're at in this range and not worrying about it cuz the stop needs to be below here. And there is the the entries right there. So it's inside this candlesticks close and less right there. Right there it is right there. Okay. And getting out on the high candle as it pokes above this high and this sells at a bounce by sign efficiency. Aiming for that. There's my exit right there. There you go. And let's go into a one minute chart. You can see the details through that perspective real quick. Okay. And you can see how it used first value gap in the 315 to 345 macro finally hour trading. [Music] And here's that sell side runs below leaves it. Now, if I was going to use the one minute chart, I would had the benefit of looking for an o opening of a new long position at that closing price or less, which would have been offered to me here. May have may have missed it here. Let's just be fair. It may may not have given it to me here, but I had several opportunities here, here, here, here, here, here, and then starts running away at the lunch hour, noon. Okay, so this is what wears traders out. And whenever you see price going sideways, sideways, sideways, you're going to have to toggle up. Okay, go up a time frame or two. So my time frames are obviously one minute and then jumps to a five then 15 and an hourly. But if there's a whole lot of candles on the 15, I might go to the 30 minute first before going into the hourly and see if there's any refinement between the levels and PDA seen between 60 minutes and 30 minutes. But generally that's the the hierarchy of where I go to before I get to a 4 hour then daily chart. But this kind of stuff wears people out. Okay? Okay. And you're just going to have to bite the bullet and say, "Okay, I'm willing to assume the trade and get in at the price that makes sense." So, I saw the setup. The Venom model is on the five-minute chart. So, that's the reason why I framed it with the five minute candlestick for liquidity purposes. Running my stop down below the candlestick that pierces back above the low target. So, again, same thing. drops down, injects the venom into sell stops here, accumulates those cell stops, and then breaks higher. You have to have a cibby first and then a bissy leaving it or it's not a venom. You got to enter below the second candle closing price or it's not a venom. Okay? And ultimately the price, you know, starts to run up as I mentioned. Beautiful, beautiful delivery to the first percent gap of this morning. And it's Monday, so it's the first visit of everybody gap of the week. So you want to make sure you denote your your first one of the week like this. So it kind of stands out no matter what. And then it runs up in there's the exit right there. So just a really nice little uh wait and see. Wait until it gets down to a discount range. Wait for the sell off when you're bullish. Look for your entry models. And if you were not going to use um the venom type model in here, you could have used a inversion fair value gap right here. You draw that one out with the with this candlesticks low. Sorry, this candlesticks high. Extend out in time and you want to see price start to rally up and you can see right there. I'll draw it out right now. So, you're going to have to defer your entry until a time that the market has proven to you that has turned around. Actually, this is going to look different. So, let me take this uh border white and we'll do a background color of inversion. Keep that in line. Pick it up a little bit. All right. So, here we had this consolidation. Wait for it to leave the consolidation. Prove it's moving higher. That's displacement here. trading above this high. We're not a breakout trader. It just tells us it's done that damage down here. Now we're seeing the market go back above old areas of where people would trust that as resistance. Trades above it, comes back down lower quadrant of this which is drawn incorrectly. Doesn't look like a bits on there, right? All right. So, we can see that the market eventually trades above it, comes back down in lower quadrant. Look at the bodies. See what this is doing right here. The bodies are telling you the narrative. Now, we traded in the upper half. Any wicks are just allowing the market to take individual that trail of stop losses up. They're allowed to do the damage. So, the bodies are telling you, okay, we're not we're not staying down there. So it leaves comes back down in then this should be what? Not willing to go back down to lower half. Okay, that that's the theory behind institutional order flow and my PD race. Okay, not supply and demand, not all other stuff out there. People try to pretend that I rebranded. There's rules that never existed in in this stuff until I presented it. And we're seeing it not get back down. Consequent cursor in here and it's staying obviously away from the lower half and the market rallies up. Now you can do several things in here. You can use the volume imbalance in here as an entry there and then or this was your catalyst saying okay we are now turning higher. So now we can attack these relative equal highs over here into the PM session. Use the first percent gap as a long here. Rallies on up into another consolidation. That high is going to get tagged. Boom. There you go. So, there's an approach of using today's price action with my first percent gap and also waiting for a structural shift where it's gone down to disrupt anyone that's long or entice people to be short and then comes up and cleans their clock. Uh my entry was just simply just getting in trusting that the the information that I've outlined thus far as it relates to the Venom model would stand true and you can see it tested out. You go on here on YouTube channel and and look up Venom example and you'll see me explaining what I just showed you here. Uh it's just a another form of using a deferred entry on a turtle suit long or turtle suit short. You don't have to be in there where the actual stop hunt is occurring. wait for the market to give it to you with the venom model and then it's just it's like taking candy from a baby and ultimately here nice nice nice run look at that you got to admit folks I mean this is just it's brilliant until I taught you the first part of fair gap these types of runs in the PM session completely completely oblivious you didn't know anything about it I am a nice guy aren't I humble too listen to me all right so 130 to it's just the character folks don't get wrapped 1:30 to 2:00. Right there. That's your range. You want to look through and find your first percent value and then extend that forward into here and you'll see something that uh will be beneficial for your journaling. I'm not showing you everything. Otherwise, you there's no point for you to go into your charts between 1:30 and 2:00 Eastern time first app. Extend it forward and you'll have uh another opportunity to study for the PM session, short or long. Okay. And that's going to be it for today. Uh Lord willing, I'll wrap with you on X tomorrow. No promises in in terms of trading. I'm actually having a pretty bad bout of uh my back going off. So depending upon what the Lord allows for, I will talk with you tomorrow. Until then, be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - ICT Gauntlet & NQ AM Session May 07, 2025 Review
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0Xa-Vqy5vo
================================================================================

Well, folks, good morning. Uh the review on Monday and Tuesday of this week. Here's the Nasdaq daily chart for June delivery. And I mentioned that we were to be following the levels in this Thursday's premium wick. So, it's high upper quadrant, mean reversion level, lower quadrant, and the open of the candlestick, which is the full range of five levels that make up that wick. And we were to carry them forward in the future. And let's add some lipstick on here and zoom in a little bit. So, here's those levels. And here is the buy-side and sell-side inefficiency we saw price drop down into on Tuesday. Monday's trading, non-farm payroll Friday. And this is the draw I think we're looking at until proven otherwise. And how how will that um negated? Well, we would have to trade below, on a closing basis, below this bullish fair value gap that's in yellow. So, take a moment to to look at the levels here, see the prices. And then this yellow line is that gap here. And we'll look towards going into lower time frames now. So, here's the 1-minute chart. And right away you should already recognize what this is. This is a market maker sell model. So, relative equal lows down in here. Market trades higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. And breaks aggressively lower, shifting market structure here. Trades up. Distribution. Second stage redistribution, which is going to be the most powerful leg of the move. And drops lower. Now, also notice that second stage redistribution of the market maker sell model not Wyckoff. The high of Thursday's wick on the early chart, and that's this blue line here. This is the upper quadrant, and this is the consequent encroachment of that Thursday daily premium wick. We're going to zoom in here and show you the details on this price slide down in two first presented fair value gap on Monday. So, here's second stage redistribution. And shorting, shorting, shorting. I actually have this on uh video on X. You can look at that and watch the executions and all the uh the pertinents there. And then later on I show you uh this here as well. So, these are recorded. You can see them on my X account and the executions and and whatnot. Trading down into and through the first presented fair value gap and allowing for what? The market maker sell model relative equal lows sell side liquidity. Price uses the Monday first presented fair value gap of the week. Which I rate around in there. Again, for navigation, this is Thursday's wick high, Thursday's wick upper quadrant and half of the wick, that red line here. They will stay constant in the slides. All right, and moving on into Tuesday's trading here. Um I I wasn't able to spend any quality time in front of the charts during the morning session as I mentioned on X that um my family time was requested of me, so it is what it is. Uh but I tried to squeeze something in. Uh right away using the logic that I gave on my X space, which unfortunately did not broadcast cleanly. It was it was all broken up and whatnot. Um I didn't go back and listen to it. I had a lot of feedback from many of you that said that they couldn't really hear it. So, I I will be making another presentation that's going to be hopefully a lot more cleaner and direct to the point. Uh but it was basically talking about how to work with the narrative. Okay, understanding the difference between narrative and bias. Without making a very long video here, just know that I am going to work on that before we get to Friday's close. What day and what time, you know, I don't know what time I'm going to put it up. Um I'm still you know, working out things with my wife. Um For those that have faith like I do, uh I'll just interject this real quick. Um my wife's actually uh going through a bout of depression. It's been a year since her mother passed away and she's having a hard time with that. So, I can't promise that my time's going to be as punctual and on a day-by-day basis. So, just know that uh that's that's where my time is being spent. Okay, not that I'm I'll give give you that insight. Um I'm not asking for pity, but I am asking for prayer for her to you know, find some comfort. She understands that she's gone on the way to be with the Lord, but she just misses her, I guess, you know. But with that, I had very little time to to navigate and whatnot, but keeping with what I said on the X space that you could hear and then I went on to Kit's um space to kind of like fill in the the gaps of what it is I said and hopefully got across in the presentation that was modeled in mine. There's pools of liquidity and the one you always look for every single day is the the range between 7:00 in the morning Eastern time, which is we see here. There's the high. And all these short-term highs, they're all potential raids on liquidity. It doesn't matter if the market's going to go higher or lower on the day, it's likely to draw to them. Okay? So, uh the daily bullish fair value gap, remember I had it in yellow on the daily chart? This is what we're seeing it drop down in here. I noticed because it could draw up to here, but I wasn't going to be able to be in front of the charts that long. I noticed that we dropped down below relative equal lows here. And we had another short-term low here. And we did that right at 9:30. So, we opened, traded down, took out that liquidity, took out that liquidity, that liquidity, and that liquidity in the scope of that time. And at 9:30, this candlestick here, I knew that we would likely draw up and at least clear these relative equal highs and then maybe take this one out, but ultimately trade back down to here, which is a move I would not be able to participate in because I'm away from the charts. So, to teach also for the folks that are leaving comments in my video channel in my YouTube channel's comment section asking, you know, well you can't trade without these macros. Or you're not able to trade without the new week opening gap and new day opening gaps. If you take that away, then everything falls apart. Well, I'm going to show you that that's not true. Okay, so the executions you're going to see here are not based on new week opening gap, new day opening gap, just pure liquidity and time of day. Okay? That's all it is. So, it's not a matter of me forcing you all the trade you know, one method or one apparatus that I've presented as my concept that are not generic. It's funny how these goobers have all these comments, but it's this precision. Okay, precision. You're going to see it. But trading below here trading below here we have the liquidity taken multiple times, and I'm not going to edit this video. So, there's going to be a couple things in here. I'm I'm I'm getting tired of making these videos, to be honest with you. So, I don't care about the the professionalism of it. Okay, it's just going to be whatever I say, and that's it. So, let's take a look at this presentation of the entry here and running to this very easy low-hanging fruit objective. Okay? I don't need it to go all the way back to here. I don't need to go up to here. I don't need to go all the way back to the 7:00 reset on the liquidity for that pre-market session hour. So, 7:00 in the morning to 9:30, that 90-minute window, we're spanning from the 9:30 opening bell back to 7:00. Where is the pools of liquidity? If you target those, you don't need anything else in ICT's repertoire. You don't need anything else. You don't need new week opening gaps. You don't need new day opening gaps. You don't need any any of this stuff except for just knowing where price is at right now and where it's likely to draw to. If you have opening range gap, which is in this case was gap lower, so that means it's likely to do what initially? Try to make an attempt to move up into that gap. I'm not going to show you the relative to I'm some I'm not going to show you the regular trading hours to show that gap. You can do that on your own. But it's likely to do what at the opening bell? Open here and then draw up. Now, does it need to fill the gap entirely? No. Does it need to go to the lower quadrant? No. Does it need to go to consequent encroachment? No. But an attempt at all is you know, within the realm of reasonable. So, if it's going to make an attempt to do that, doesn't it make sense inside the scope of 9:30 to 7:00 in the morning, where is the easiest low hanging fruit? The first presentation of relative equal highs. Right there. Okay? Now, I'm going to hover over top of both of these arrows so you can see the execution placement. But here's the liquidity after taking this larger pool of sell side there and there at the opening bell. So, I'm watching this candle. It opens, trades below these two equal lows, and as soon as it trades back up into this area here, I know what it's doing. It's going to flip over and run at the very minimum here. Now, it at worst, it could have went just above here and then came back and it filled in or gave an institutional order flow entry drill on any fair value gap from that low up to that point. But here, it just ripped higher, uses it as a breaker here, leaves that little portion open, breakaway gap, runs up and gives me the run into the relative equal highs. Trades just above this high here, which are relative equal highs as well. Now, why did I pick this one and not that one? Because this is the first one you come to at opening bell at 9:30 open, start looking to the left. Where is the first relative equal highs? They pop off right here. If you were looking at a 15-second chart, it would be here, but that's not enough for me to take the the trade. It's not enough of a a reward for the risk. Because I could have been wrong. I could have got stopped out and you would have saw it. I would have showed you it. But the stop goes immediately right below this by one tick. So, buying, stop here, target here. There's a little entry carrot symbol that shows you where my entry was on this candlestick. And now I'm going to hover over top of this one here, and you'll see that it shows me and exiting the long trade here at that level there. It spends a little bit of time right there and then folds, and goes right down to that daily bullish fair value gap. It creates a low one more time to stop anybody that would try to chase that, and then rallied up. Now, I'm going to teach you, as I mentioned in the uh presentation on Kits, uh space. And all you got to do is go over to X. Okay, I know some of you going to be watching this in years from now. And they're like, "What are you talking about? What are you talking about?" I I mentioned how because I had students asking me direct, we had basically a couple minutes time for individuals to talk to me. Uh and and this is also, as a reminder, this is why I don't like to do question and answer because I understand a lot of you think I'm a celebrity. Like you like you think I'm something special. I'm not. Uh and whenever I have an opportunity to speak with someone or give that opportunity to give the students the the time to speak with me, there's this big monologue of lavishness and you know, like like fluffing me up. And then and I understand why you're doing it, but it's not necessary. I mean, a simple little post to me, you know, on a comment in the video or post to X is sufficient enough. Like, you don't you don't need to go on and on and on. First of all, it's embarrassing cuz I don't feel comfortable receiving that kind of stuff. You want to thank and give praise, give it to God. But, it also is annoying to the other listeners because they're listening to what you're asking and they want to hear what I'm going to respond with. So, that's the meat of why we're having the conversation or a question and answer anyway. So, that's the number one reason why I don't like to do those types of things because it's a big time waster and it looks like hero worship and I'm not a hero. So, but I mentioned one of the students mentioned how they like to see certain things in a certain pattern form whatnot. Well, whenever there's a pool of liquidity that's taken, okay? And it forms with a breaker, as we see here. We have a low, high, and then it runs to take this low out here into a larger pool of liquidity. This point of liquidity below that low here inside that daily bullish fair value gap, that is where this leg of the breaker, if you look inside this leg, you'll see a fair value gap. Now, this fair value gap here, you want to start looking going back. Where's the first one you come to? It's this one right here. You got to use the volume imbalance. This specific fair value gap is labeled by my PD arrays as the gauntlet, okay? It's a gauntlet. That means you're laying down the gauntlet. I'm going to go long on the belief that this low has taken out sufficient liquidity and then it should go higher to reach into this level here where there would be a breaker. You can use it as a breaker entry. There's lots of times where I use this as a mechanism for turtle soup. You'll never see this methodology explained in the Linda Raschke and Larry Connors book. And no other other goober that's claiming to be the author of turtle soup ever done anything like this either. Oh, these goobers. So, what's what we're going to do is we're going to highlight that right there. Okay, so this is the gauntlet. It's a very specific fair value gap inside of a price run of a bullish breaker. So, it's the very lowest first sell-side imbalance by side inefficiency. It has to be the sibi. Okay? So, when it's bullish and you reverse this when it's a bearish uh breaker. It's the price leg that runs to the liquidity. The very first going from the low back, that's the very first sibi you come to. This is what you're looking for. When it reads above it and it comes back down in, there's your entry. This is your adding to it. Go back and look at some of the examples I did on cuz a lot of you have them archived and keep them for I guess, you know, collection purposes. But even though I do executions on X, I've done this many times, many many times. And then it's always been coupled with people leaving comments, "How did you know? How did you know to use that? Why did you use that fair value gap?" I'm teaching it right now. This is just one of those 81 things where there's specific fair value gaps. As I mentioned, there's a lot of people that writing books right now and they're saying this is smart money concepts. They're admitting my name. They're not even mentioning the fact that they learned it On X, I mean I'm sorry, not on X but on Amazon and they're writing their little books and whatnot trying to get their credit cards paid off cuz they've been charging up these prop firm accounts and blowing them. So, you don't know what fair value gap you're looking at. But I promise you someone's going to rush to get this in print and so I'm going to leave some of the details out, but trust me, this is the gauntlet. This is one very specific fair value gap that is pertinent to how you can engage price action and using the levels here after it leaves the lower half. See what it does? Trades to it here. The body's staying above it. And then gives you one more time to add to it or enter if you missed it back here. If you did not utilize this for the folks that say my silver bullet doesn't work anymore, I want you to think about how this drop down in here isn't that part of the upper quadrant? Or the upper half, rather. Isn't it this right here? This whole mechanism of using a sibi going into inversion fair value gap? That's what this is. That's the silver bullet. But I'm highlighting these quadrant levels here and now I want you to look at this price level right up here. Okay? We're going to show you who knows what. We're going to also show you what the signature is with the algorithm. If I highlight and hover over top of this very candle right here, so this is what I'm doing. I'm screenshotting it when it's me hovering over the 10 s- uh 7 minutes after 10 candle on the 1-minute chart. That low comes in at 19,784.25. That's what's being highlighted here. The upper quadrant of this very specific with the volume imbalance, that upper quadrant comes in at 19,784.25. Boom. That's perfect, folks. Linda Raschke can't teach that. Larry Connors couldn't teach it. Wyckoff didn't know anything about it. Supply and demand? Nope. Elliott wave? Nope. Sorry. No pitchforks here. Mhm. Sorry, but that's perfect. That's an algorithmic price delivery signature, proving to you that the buying and selling pressure did not dis- agree to stop right there and agree and say that's the lowest this the kittens want to go and it's going to higher from there. It It said It takes more faith to believe than that than it is that the market's rigged and it's controlled and it's going to a very specific level, stopping and turning on a dime, going higher. Why didn't it want to go down below this low? Why didn't it want to go down to the midpoint of the game? Why didn't it just roll over entirely? Because it's scripted. It's also occurring during very specific time of day. I'm I'm going to go in closer and zoom in on this. But I want to show you here is the buy side and sell side sell side inefficiency. So here is your silver bullet. Forget the gauntlet. Forget that, okay? For now. But there's going to be people putting them in their YouTube videos now. That's good. It's good. It's good. The buy side and sell side sell side inefficiency here, that's your silver bullet. And this is institutional order flow entry draft right there. And that price running higher tells you that we're moving higher. But this candlestick right here, what I did with Thursday of last week's daily premium wick, we're going to do the same thing right here. We're going to look at this wick here. Let me zoom in. Here's that wick right here. Okay? And we're going to take the levels of the high, the up quadrant, consequent encroachment, lower quadrant, and the low, which is the close of the candlestick right there. And we're going to project them forward, okay? So again, this is going to slap the faces in the mouths of everybody saying that I rebranded this, that, and the other thing. Garbage which garbage excuses for them being envious, okay? And again, if it was beforehand, before I ever talked about it, why has it never been shown in people's examples? And why are they using my vocabulary? Why are they using my vocabulary? Because I'm the only one, Daddy. So if you take those levels and project them forward, you can see those specific levels here. And now we're going to inside this range from this candlestick's close to this candlestick's run you know run higher, I'm going to take you down into a 15-second chart. Okay, inside this little range here, this is all you need when you know you're on side, that means the market's done enough down here during the macro, so at 9:50 to 10:10, that's what this is delineating here. Market drips drips down into the daily bullish fair value gap, remember that yellow area on the daily chart I started with, then it rips higher, we have a shift in market structure here. Silver Bullet institutional order flow entry drill, then we have this wick in here, we have the gauntlet, we have the turtle soup low to low. Okay, you shift in market structure. We have this wick's consequent encroachment. Bam. See how all these details are like to you converging? It's a confluence of multiple factors suggesting it's done and it's going to go higher. So, let's look inside this little range here on a 15-second chart. This is that 15-second area in here. Okay, and before I go into detail here, I want to show you what I was seeing on the 15-second chart cuz as I mentioned, every time I talk about executions, I'm looking at a 15-second chart, folks. Okay, just because you don't see it doesn't mean I'm not looking at it. If you look over here, when that dropped down at 9:30's candle, I'm entering right inside that. So, as it reclaimed bullish fair value gap, relative equal lows, it just stabbed below that, and then when we're here, I'm going long while we're inside that, and the stop loss can be right below there. And this right here, this wick, you can break that down into quadrants, and stop loss has to be at least below the low. And the market comes down to about the lower quadrant, and then rips higher and goes to my target up here as I mentioned when we were on the 1-minute chart, but over here on the 15-second chart, you can see that that range has fair value gap and volume imbalance. The market trades up, the bodies are staying inside that range, and then drops down, the body stay inside the lower quadrant. Wicks down into the volume imbalance, but the bodies are staying inside of that by side imbalance sell side inefficiency. And then it rips higher for this pool of liquidity right there. Remember I told you I told you start looking at the 15-second chart, find the relative equal highs and lows, and what time they run to them. Okay? The price run begins inside the macro time. To here. All this looks crazy now, doesn't it? It's a 15-second chart. And look how clean the price action is. It didn't look that clean so much on the 1-minute chart. But when you know the bias and you know the narrative, how it's going to employ the daily range at certain points of turns at time, everything becomes much more clearer. And that's that's this area over here. And in the afternoon I did a one-for-one risk. Um took some of the profit that was over here, risked it here, and then added to it here for sell side there, and there you go. So uh with the positions from Monday morning, Monday afternoon, and then Tuesday's morning and Tuesday's afternoon, it's 103,000. Uh notice how we ran up into the first consecutive fair value gap on Monday. Wow, didn't it? And now grabbing on over here. Wednesday's consequent encroachment on the wick, lower quadrant, low. We trade down into Look at this crazy price run right up to Thursday's high. On that wick. Isn't that crazy? Show you real quick. Only that little area to keep your eye on over there. See all these executions. Right here. Same account, basically. And then now This is Monday's first minute of every day gap. Give me a minute. Here. First day's open, premium wick high. This is the low of the wick. Lower quadrant of it. Consequent quadrant of it. Upper quadrant of it. And the high of it. Like that. But they've worked a lot of the upper half. They dipped down below it here. We back up in the Monday's or the week's first minute of every day gap. Here. And then we broke lower. So, with FOMC later today, it's basically you want to stay away from it. Okay, let's say it that way. Uh longer term, I think we could potentially trade higher. Uh I'm not trying to pick a top. I'm looking for them to try squeeze on those individuals that have been trapped on the downside. So, FOMC would be a wonderful uh medium to do that with. If Even if it was just to go up there, make a higher high on the daily chart, and that would it would done in recent days just to go lower. So, either or. You know, it's it's likely to to go up. And up to what? You can take out this here. It's a relative equal highs. There's a lot of buy side up here. So, if you're on that cycle, then I will be with you again tomorrow, Lord willing. Until then, be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ AM Session May 05, 2025 Review
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hj48OuvouBM
================================================================================

Hello folks, welcome back. So, we're going to be looking at a AM session review for NASDAQ May 5th, 2025. All right. So, we're looking at the daily chart here, and I want you to take special note of how Thursday created a premium wick that got blown through on Friday's non-farm payroll and then we opened here and traded down into Friday's range. But I teach you to use these wicks like gaps. Okay? So, we're going to zoom in. And I'm going to lay the Fibonacci across this here. Uh be mindful of this high and this wick. That's what we're going to be drawing attention to. All right. So, here we have Thursday's price action on the daily chart. I have the lower quadrant consequ encroachment, the upper quadrant, and the high of Thursday's wick and the low of the wick. In this case, since it's a down close candle, it's the opening price. So those four levels here and then we have actually it's five, isn't it? One, two, three, four, five. I check my math there. Having a senior citizen moment and then this up here. So longer term until proven otherwise the draw is here and we're going to look at how price used that consequent encroachment level. Uh the midpoint consequent encroachment level of that Thursday premium wick. now acting as a discount array is 19,980 even. Okay, so just be mindful when we see that line in the lower time frame charts. It's this wicks halfway point or consequent encroachment. Right, we're in a 15-minute time frame. I mentioned on telegram that 15-minute buy side was a draw and you can see how the market dropped down and spent some time at that consequent encroachment on Thursday's premium wick that is now because we went above it on Friday becomes a discount wick. So we traded down into it consequent encroachment hits it here back and forth really really lots of high resistance liquidity run signatures in here. Look at the back and forth price action, but ultimately it did get to our objective here. But just be mindful that 19,980 level was hit earlier and now we're on a one minute chart. So here's that same level, the consequent encroachment of that Thursday wick. And because it hit it earlier prior to 9:00 in the morning, you can see that on your own charts, we had all this price action back and forth, back and forth, overlapping previous ranges just to climb back above to get to that 15-minute buy side liquidity. So, I want to take your attention to a very specific pool of liquidity I mentioned on Telegram for sellside. This is the only sell side liquidity pool I mentioned and this was the initial one I told you about. So, relative equal lows. Real easy, right? Real real easy. Now, why did I go back further than 9:00? Because this is the first one I'm going to come to and we've already worked several lows in the preession and it's just cleaner. It's easy here. It's a Monday and we had a high impact news driver at 10:00 and we came down already earlier in the sessions to trade into that consequent encouragement level of the Thursday wick. So we went down below it swept it and then I drew attention to this candlestick being the first part back gap and this volume imbalance. You can find that on my telegram channel in the description of my YouTube channel. Click on that, you'll see the actual link, the official link that takes you to my free 100% no obligation. I'm not trying to do investments. I'm never going to ask for payments. If you're looking at anything that has anything like that and my name attached to it, you're looking at a scammer or a fraud. So, these two levels here, the first fair first presented fair value gap and the volume imbalance were the two levels of focus. And then I mentioned the 15-minute buy side here. And then I gave a a further higher uh 19,000 or is it 20,235 or something like that. Um I'll let you look at it on your charts. Okay. But uh if we continuously go higher, that's a nice relative equal high in the Friday uh trading session. So you'll be able to see it. It's your homework assignment. I'm not giving you everything in Telegram. I want you to find it on your own chart. It's part of the tape reading exercise. So I want to show you zoomed in here. There's that volume of balance. Here's first presented fair value got and after cleaning the relative equal lows up with this stop there. We ran above back above this cibby which we're bullish. We're looking for 15-minute buy side higher prices. We went above it, traded down in, traded down in, it left it. See how it did that right here? Now, when we trade back up higher, it should not go back down in the lower half before running to buy side. So, we get it on this candlestick right here. And I'm aiming right for that volume and bounce right in there. And I'll show you the execution. Here's the candlestick. And there is the little indication that you're getting long or short. In this case, it's a buy there. And then it rallies up into the 50-minute buy side. Now, I'm going to put my cursor on this little arrow, and you'll see that the little carrot symbol appears right there. Okay. So, there was no other trades. One of my students faciciously said to show the short you got stopped out on no shorts today. So, it dropped back from there all the way back down to first percent of fair value gap. banged around a little bit in here. Failure to get back above that 50-minute high. That was the buy side on my uh trade. And I mentioned on Twitter, look at these lows in here. That's retail support. And it broke through that down into first present gap. I told you to watch that there. And then it rallied up and took out the high here. There's the business for today. Uh so in keeping with what I mentioned this weekend I was teaching about narrative and today because it's a little bit more complicated uh difficulty level was just a little bit higher uh I pointed out the very liquidity pool that would use to create the low of the session which is what it did here and then rallied up. Now, I mentioned in closing after I did my trade and shared it, whatever, I um I mentioned that watch 8:00's low, 8 a.m. today, because if we lose that low, then we're probably going to have a deeper retracement on the daily chart. So, as long as the 8:00 low is intact, it doesn't violate that, I'm I'm bullish. So, that kind of like it makes it more clean and clear as to why I mentioned it at all today. That's it, folks. I'll give you a PM session review later on. So, I'll talk to you then, Lord willing. Be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ May 01, 2025 Review
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmTpyveQsbg
================================================================================

folks. Welcome back. Today is Thursday, May 1st, 2025. The months and weeks and days keep rolling by. 2025 is really in a hurry to get done, isn't it? So, let's take a look at today's action on NASDAQ. Obviously, we can see here we have a virgin chart with a rather handsome young man in the background keeping his eye on you. Okay, he's keeping his eye on you. So, we added the lipstick that I went over last night before I go through this. If you have not watched the April 30th, 2025 video that was uploaded prior to this one, stop this video and go watch that, okay? because everything that I'm going to talk about here otherwise is going to seem like I'm talking about it in hindsight and see how smart I am because it already happened. Okay, so I warned you. All right. So, here we have the daily chart and I went through the specifics with this specific candles wick and I went through all the levels here. Lower quadrant consequent encroachment level upper quadrant the high and then this volume imbalance. Now, the level that I did not put in, at least by memory, I if I did, great. But I I I think I don't have a a mention of this Wix consequent encroachment. Uh, but this is also something I was watching. So, I I intended to mention it last night in the video, but I don't know if it was there. So, just be mindful that that is probably the only thing that is not in last night's video. All right? So, I hope you'll permit me that. Uh, but the main focus was when this candlestick was a little bit bearish. It had a little bit of a wick, you know, rejection off that. It was sitting right about in here and no up movement like that yet. And certainly today here we're on a new day. So I I mentioned that during Thursday in the Friday non-farm payroll that it would likely reach up into at the very minimum I know I call this level here and take out that high of that wick on April 2nd. So just be mindful of the red line here at 19,822.50. That is the consequent encroachment level of this daily candles wick. Okay? because I teach you to treat the wicks of candlesticks as gaps and you can grade those levels as we have here and you'll see the importance of it as we drop in lower time frame. So, uh this blue line here is the consequent curtain of this candlesticks wick. So, just like we did this last night, this is being highlighted for tonight as well. You can see how close we got to it there and it just went a couple handles above it and then created the high of the day. That's probably random. All right, so we're looking at the daily chart zoomed in a little bit more. And again, I want you to just appreciate that draw up into that wick consequent encroachment level and how we delivered into that volume imbalance rather handsomely. This is what the close of the day. You can see that little hyphen here that delineates that separation from active trading hours to now it's not active. So, I waited until 6:00. You can see uh well, not 6:00. I wait till after 5:00 before the 6 p.m. restart. You can see the time when the screenshot was taken here. All right, dropping down into a one minute chart and get this thing done rather quickly. I don't want to spend too much time with it cuz I'm going into a 3-day weekend. Not for payroll tomorrow. I'm not interested. I will not be active on Twitter X, Telegram, anything. Okay. Uh I will have a shotgun on Saturday on X Saturday morning sometime. So you'll have to watch on X to see when that'll be. So be mindful of this low here. All right. So that's the London low. So Southside's going to be below that. Now contrast this with what I mentioned last night. I was telling you that I was personally bullish. Not that you should be bullish, not that you should be trading with anything I'm saying here. This is just my opinion, okay? 33 years of worrying about these candlesticks going specific levels and then watching them deliver. You are here just to borrow my experience. Okay? But I teach you and taught you that the liquidity in the London session if it's below old lows when you're bullish, it could reach down air. And this is what I have highlighted here. Okay. So at 19,901.25 that sell side here is a minor buyside liquidity pool. You'll hear this mentioned a few times in this presentation but also you'll see that I mentioned this actually on X this morning. And if I'm not mistaken I think it was around 9:47. uh you can see that post where I outlined that the inversion fair value gap which I'll show you in a second which is the first presented fair value gap of the morning opening range between 9:30 and 10:00 Eastern time uh that it would be used as an inversion fair value gap and take us up into buy side at 19,99625. Now, that is the opening range. You me pointing out specifically there. But going back to what I gave you in the YouTube channel review yesterday, before the market closed, before it rallied up extremely high, uh, all that was given to you before it actually happened. So, the higher time frame is bullish. That's what I was looking for. I was not looking for shorts. I was not looking for selling and going into discounted rays. I'm looking for it to go into discounted rays just to go higher. and fulfill what I outlined last night for April 30th, 2025's commentary on YouTube. All right, so just be mindful of that. And then we have April 2nd, 2025 daily premium wick high. So this level here is on the daily chart, that high of that wick. That's what this is. This is that volume imbalance just above it. Okay, I'm going to ring in this level up here, which is that consequent encroachment of the premium wick just above the volume imbalance I mentioned at the beginning of this video. All right, so here's a one minute chart. You can see that that sellside liquidity pool here I'm highlighting at 19,901.25. That is London's low overnight around 3:00 in the morning. And there's that buy side again at 19,9996.25. And here's the first presented fair value. And I already highlighted it in orange as I usually do denoting that that is going to be treated as not a sellside imbalance buy side efficiency to go short in. Remember last night's bias bullish and at 9:47 I think right right about in here I tweeted and said that we would see this very gap right there at 938 one minute candle and I probably should have added that anchoring it into this but you can find it on X it is what it is but the the draw and liquidity would be here but not before treating that gap as an inversion for your bay gap but we had 10:00 news. So at 10 a.m. we had ISM manufacturing PMI number. You can find that on Forex Facto's calendar. You can find it on Econo Day's calendar. Any reputable uh economic calendar will tell you what medium impact or high impact and it was a high impact news driver at 10:00. So you have to wait for that news to deliver. So, it went up there, stopped short of running that high, came down, took out the sell side here, and one more time, sweeping below that 3:00 a.m. London session sellside liquidity pool. Why would they want to go down there? Because they're going to pick up all these orders down here that are resting to go short on a breakout or to protect a long position. So either way sell side or sell stops sell orders pending orders to be a short seller or resting below that level. So the algorithm drops down there to accumulate here all through here and here and then after 10:00 it rallies higher and then goes above that 938 first percent of fair value gap here. It trades above it then comes back down in. It does notice this right here. It does not break that low. It comes right in here. Look at the bodies. So, what is it doing? It's validating this as an inversion for your bag gap after that news driver. So, because that news driver was a a volatility injection, we have to be careful because it's a Thursday before nonform payroll, it could it could do all kinds of things and mess up, you know, your analysis, your trade. It could hurt you. Uh, so that's why I tell you if you're not a, you know, a seasoned veteran in terms of what I teach and been around for a while or know how to trade and been trading for a long time, you probably shouldn't be trading on Thursday and Friday, non-farm payroll at all. But it comes down and validates it by not going into the lower half or even in this case consequent encroachment and then rallies. That was to me confirmation that okay, it validated it. So now I got to find an entry because if I think that it's going to trade up in the net volume imbalance and best case scenario, what would the best case scenario be as an exit? If you're trying to get long using this inversion fair value gap down here and you're aiming for the volume imbalance on the daily chart which is shaded in that red area here as you can see March 27th 2025 daily volume imbalance. Okay. So just remember look at the first uh portion of the video where I was showing you the daily chart with the lipstick on it. The best case scenario exit would be at the high of that volume imbalance. Right? Wouldn't you agree? So aiming for an entry at the first present fair value gap which is going to become a inversion fair value gap and then rally up to first pool of liquidity is this 19,996.25. So that's a low hanging fruit objective. Very, very easy. And 20 30 handles obviously would be warranted as a first potential profit scaling out. And also in keeping with what did I give you this week as a a challenge mission possible 30 handles in the morning, 20 handles in the afternoon. So, because I got things to do, places to be, and people to see, and I'm going to have a 3D weekend, I'm just going to just crush it today and just do what I'm showing you here. Uh, you will be able to see on X me closing the trade when it hits the limit order with what I'm about to show you. But my entry strategy, let me show you what that is, okay? Because you don't have to always get into the trade at the PDRA that you're looking for. You're going to miss entry sometimes, folks. That's the reality of all this. You're not going to get your best entry every single time. You could be watching the chart. You could be dialed in. Zero distractions and you simply do not get in. What do you do in that case? Well, in in my case, because I have 81 ways, and you can times that by two, to get into something or out of something as a trade, I have a plethora of dandy little tools and techniques and concepts that I've authored that no one else can do as well in their hands as I'm doing with my hands because it's my stuff. So, I'm teaching it to you so that way you can grow hopefully an affinity for one or two of them at most in the beginning and just try to grow from that. But let's take a look at what it is that I use to get into the trade. This candlestick right here and I have an arrow below and above the candlestick I'm denoting. That candlesticks open down to its low. That it's that is its discount wick. In other words, it's the wick below the candlestick. We call them shadows or tails and anything above as a wick would be obviously the wick. Okay. So I'm denoting that midpoint or consequent quotion of that lower portion of the candlestick that makes that wick or discount portion of the candlestick. That's this line right here. And I'm projecting it in the future. The next candle after that, you can see here I'm denoting it with that arrow here and that arrow here. I'm doing the same thing here. That wick, I'm highlighting the midpoint. This is my gray pool. Okay? Uh you're not going to know what that stuff is or even what this is unless you learned it from me. Okay? There is absolutely no way you've heard it anywhere else, but it's my concept. It's codified, coded, and signed by good old ICT. Algorithmic graypool. You extend that in the future. Okay? Okay. And that is your portion of where you can get in. Now, I already know what you're thinking. Wow, that's that's really not anywhere close to the inversion fair gap or first presented fair value gap. Isn't that chasing price? I'll get to that in a moment because I already know what you're thinking. But right now, I want you to take a look at the ex uh the entry. Okay, here's the entry and look real real close right there. You'll see that that is me getting in at the low of the gray pool. Okay. And now I'm going to show you up here me getting out of the trade right there. There's a little carrot symbol saying I'm getting out at the high of the volume bounce in the daily chart. Folks, that is as perfect as you can get without getting in at the inversion fair gap here. You're not going to see anybody else do it like that. And you're never going to see anybody else do it like that because I have things that are going to help me be light years beyond everybody else out there. But I could still be your good old friendly neighborhood mentor and teach you lots of things that will help you get into trades like this. But your experience level may not give it to you right away and it'll frustrate you trying to trade with this measure of precision. You don't need to be this perfect. You don't need to be this precise to make money or consistently find trading setups or make money drawing out a monthly income. You're going to take losing trades. You're going to do it wrong. And when you see things like this, this is me just basically putting a cherry on top this week because well, let's just put it this way. I I really enjoy doing this. Okay? And unfortunately, this is the part that makes it sound like I'm narcissistic, arrogant, and whatever. And that's not what I'm trying to do here. I'm trying to be somewhat entertaining with folks that have a sense of humor. Also to kind of like rib those individuals that don't think I know how to trade or don't think I know what I'm doing and because I'm calling it in advance the day before. The day before and at 9:20 I'm sorry what is it? 9:47 today in here I told you that this is going to be used as an inversion fair value gap to go up to here. And last night's analysis said it's going to go up to here and here. Okay, but take it one step further. ICT, the consequent encroachment of March 27th daily candlesticks wick, the premium wick, that's what this level is here. So, while I was watching it today, this could have delivered or fell short of it. And if I was looking for that to exit, you know, I would have been probably disappointed. But in this case, you know, you can't get better than that. in the high volume imbalance and be content with that and just watch it go to another level that I expected anyway. Whether I mentioned it last night or not, it doesn't make a difference. Uh you did know about this portion here. But now once it trades at that level, I'm done for the week. I'm not interested in doing anything else. So in keeping with what I taught in the last Saturday's X space uh when we move away from the first presented fair value gap because it's doing two things here acting as a inversion fair value gap which I told you it was going to act as way back here. Okay so before it delivered it and you can see on X ask your friends and neighbors if I ever delete or edit anything on X cuz I don't. It goes down through it for the purposes of upsetting the liquidity that's resting below London's low and this load that formed and then they rally it back up into the inversion fair value gap candidate. But does it offer that validation? Nope. It goes in there, goes right back out. You have to wait. You got to wait. And the market goes below that once more and then rallies above it, per back down into it, and then runs away. That's validating it. That is verifying that that is absolutely what I said it was going to be at 9:47 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. It was going to deliver this way. Now I have to find another way of getting in. Now let's say you didn't want to use a great pool. Maybe you don't understand it. Maybe you don't want to touch it. It's complicated. It's complex. You're making it difficult. ICT. Okay. Well, I'm teaching technical science. If you want to do simple stuff, you can do my immediate rebalance, which is this candlestick's high. It rallies through it here and then the next candle opens, trades right back down. That candle's high. That's an immediate rebalance. And the next candle or the next candle after that price will start running. That's the rules. If you are in my mentorship, if you watch my mentorship content that you can see right on YouTube for free, okay? I uploaded everything to all different playlists. Just go through the playlist, all the videos that's on there. It's absolutely my gift to you as as a community in trading. That rule of immediate rebalance to it sees price rip higher and it goes right to that pool of liquidity as a very low hanging fruit objective in and of itself. That right there is enough to be content. If you're a brand new student, new trader looking for a way to find setups and literally laying out there on a silver platter. But you have to determine what you're going to use as your model. You could have used these two consecutive down close candles here as my bullish shoulder block. and right there and there. It gets you an entry. So, it's it's not a matter of oh, you know, this is too many things to worry about. No, it's not. It's just what are you comfortable with trading with? And there may be a PDA that you like that didn't provide you an entry for this setup. It doesn't mean the concepts don't work. It doesn't mean you won't be consistently profitable in the future. It just means that your model, your PDA rate didn't didn't give it to you on this run. And because it's not far payroll Thursday, you shouldn't have any worry about that. Should be no sweat, no problem. Next next week, not next tomorrow, Friday is a day that you should be trading. If you're a brand new trader, it's a carnival ride at 8:30 tomorrow morning, Eastern time. It's going to go crazy all over the place. And it's better if you're not there, if you're not uh skilled or I guess experienced. But now that first percent gap because we completed the weekly objective, my weekly objective, price has already booked what it should have done. Then it's reasonable for price to do what? Start seeking discount or raise. Well, that would be starting in here midpoint consequent corrosion of the daily volume imbalance, then the low of the daily volume imbalance and the high of that April 2nd daily premium wick high. And then if it goes below that, what could we trade for? back down in the first present value. Yeah. So, I'm gonna extend this here in time and I'm also going to show you that for those that were wondering, is this chasing price? No, it's still in a discount because if I'm looking for as I mentioned in 9:47 1 minute uh Eastern time or not 1 minute Eastern time uh 9:47 Eastern time today on X that I would be using or looking for this 938 candle to act as an inversion fair value gap. It's the first presented fair value gap of the 9:30 to 10:00 opening range, which is 30 minutes. If I'm aiming to look for the setup here, and I believe that the high of that volume imbalance on the daily chart is my draw liquidity, the perfect terminus exit for me. So, I'm going to frame the entry off of the inversion free value gap here. Draw the fib up to that high of the volume and balance. The 50% level of that range is here. So, everything above that line is a premium. Anything below that line is a discount. So when I'm entering here inside this gray pool, am I entering at a premium? No. So again, there's a lot of people out there that love the terminology and the and the outlines I've created for you describing and determining what a premium and discount market is, but they don't necessarily understand exactly what they're doing. Okay? And you got to keep watching my stuff and practicing and listening to the lectures because just because you know the words and you can draw a fib with the 50% left on here, you may not be properly articulating what a discount premium market is. But we're going to extend that first% of fair value gap in the future. And now it becomes a discount array. So it's going to draw price down into as it does right there and stops dead in its tracks where some random level of a consequent encroachment of the first presented fair value got rallies back up to our old buy side liquidity here. Remember liquidity pools can act just like any other array. Just because it went up there and swept that liquidity doesn't mean that they won't use that area again. Remember the algorithm doesn't know how many orders are at that level. It's just going to go to that level to offer fair value to the marketplace. Not for your purpose of entering a trade, but for smart money. So the market trades up there once more, breaks lower, fair value gap, hits it here, trades down to first of the fair value gap again and into this small little gap here. We won't go into that's not even that important. Rallies one more time. Trades back into first bag gap and trades up into this run here. back into this little gap and then sells off back into the first recent fairback gap once more and trades back up. Now, keep an eye on the levels you see here. Okay, 19,901.25 is that sellside liquidity pool from the London's low. And then we have the old buy side liquidity. And then we have this line's going to disappear. It's not salient to what we're going to see in the afternoon. And then we're going to extend this daily volume and bounce over as well. And I'll leave this here for reference. Okay, so the chart looks slightly different, but there's your uh me exiting there in the daily volume imbalance, and it uses the first resent gap to rally up and works that level, that old initial buy side that I gave you at 9:47 on X today in a in a post, trades back up to the wick high of April 2nd, daily premium wick high, hits it perfectly, stops, comes back down to the old buy side liquidity pool, back up to the wick high and then we're going to start looking for the afternoon session run that goes into last hour trading. We can see it one more time trade up into that daily volume imbalance here. Consolidates around the old buy solid liquidity pool and then breaks aggressively lower back down in the first percent gap. Trades through it. Trades below the London low again. Fails to get back to first percent gap and does gives up the ghost breaking lower. And this level here is the midpoint of April 2nd, 2025's daily premium wick. That's the wick high. This is half of that wick on the daily chart. It draws down to that and below it, consolidates around that, and then we start the new day in here with a new day opening gap. All right, so that's going to be it today. Hopefully you uh you've learned something this week. I had a lot of great comments left telling me that they enjoyed having the mission possible. I will probably give you something Monday morning before the market opens up at 9:30 as a a task for next week. I won't make it so challenging as it was this time. And we'll have some Forex uh homework for you next week as well. All right, folks. That's going to be it. Enjoy your weekend and God willing, I will talk with you again next week.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ April 30, 2025 Review
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQsT-xux5Xk
================================================================================

Right folks, welcome back. We are looking at the NASDAQ now. I was going to do two videos. I was going to make one earlier this morning about yesterday and then wait till this afternoon and do today's video, but I'm going to kind of blend them together. So, that'll save you some video watch time. I'll try to be as brief as I can possibly be. You know how I am. All right. So, uh, first and foremost, let's take a look at yesterday. Here is Tuesday's daily candle. And inside this little area right there, that is a volume imbalance because the the wicks bridged the two bodies together, but there's no body laying in there. And there still has yet to be a body laying inside that little area. So the market opened traded down into that here and also this wick this candle right here it's wick I'm measuring that to get the consequent encroachment that's what that red line is here okay and piece I forget about I might talk and forget this this wick right here is a draw and a consequent encouragement is this level here. So for like non-farm payroll um Thursday and Friday um I think that that might be a upside draw and then if it gets really animated the high here and then that small little volume imbalance right there. Okay, so that's kind of like what I'm expecting. I'm not demanding it obviously, but uh that's what I think is probably unfolding. But I could be wrong. It's not our barrel. So don't don't be taking trades based on what this said. Also looking back to this wick here. Okay, that consequent encroachment there. That's that there. But now it was a premium draw on liquidity when we were down here. Remember that? And then now because we went above it, this would actually become a discount. Wick. Okay. So, I'll actually change that color. These are all things I should have done before. Dude, you could have did all this in five minutes. You know, I like dragging you across the coals. The ones that don't want to be here. So yesterday we had again the market open trade down did that volume imbalance and consequent encroachment of this candle's wick that's half of the wick's uh length and then it traded higher and took out the previous day's high and traded inside of this wick. So if we take that wick and we add now the 25 level and the 75 level these are all pertinent those are all still likely targets if not the high itself going into non-farm peril Friday. Okay. Um the reason why I think that's likely to occur because it's come down and filled in even this gap in here. So we have a separation between this candle's low, this candle's high and we traded down into that today and it's came off that pretty aggressively. So yesterday started the run up and I think they came down stopped everybody out that would be long ahead of Thursday and Friday knock on payroll and then we'll see what we get. I could obviously be wrong but again these these are the details as to why I believe what I believe. So, we're going to jump right down into a one minute chart and cut to the chase and we will look at the I wish there was a way and and those of you that know more about Trading View than I do, uh remember in MT4 I'm saying remember because I don't do anything with MT4 anymore, but uh remember when the the platform would allow you to go back to a very specific date just by a couple keystrokes. Boom, there you're there. Um, is is that possible with Trading View? Because I don't know if it is. If it is, send me a message on X and say, "Hey, ICT, this is what you're looking for for Trading View and I'll jump to that." All right. So, here's Tuesday in the afternoon and we I showed you all those trades and stuff, but the Monday review that stated that you can go in and do this for Okay, remember I had the higher one up here. I took that off so that way our tension's right in here. Notice that fair value gap is also inside that daily volume imbalance, the blue shaded box here. Again, pause the video, rewind it until we are talking about the daily chart, and you'll see what that blue area is here on the daily chart. Well, that fair value gap is inside of that. And I told you to draw that out. And those that did were surprised to see how it came down and hit that. But I want you to take a look at what was also seen we have relative equal highs. This is why I do the PowerPoint slides because I ain't got to do all this stuff back and forth. This high and this high. So, they're relatively equal. That means there's lots of eyes side up above this high here. They took the sell side out there and we drop down into consequent encouragement of that blue shaded volume imbalance there just fell short of that there and then the low here it's um the short term low there that balance outside efficiency Okay. Now, when you look at that, look at the bodies here respecting that fair value gap that I told you that would become an inversion fair value gap. Monday's night review for Tuesday's trading. You trade down into that here. Consequent encouragement of the fair value gap. And again, if you're not clear as to what I'm talking about here, again, look at the Monday market review. And you'll see this is been suggested to you to draw it out. I didn't do it in my chart, but I told you you can do this, too. And those that did it would have it on their chart, Tuesday's trading, and it trades down into it here, hits it, rallies back out, and then the body's supporting it here at the high. We stab down to it one more time and then we start to run away and then it comes right back down into the daily volume and balance high. See that? Then rise up back into the new week opening gap and clearing the buy side multiple times and then picking up sell side here and here and rise up continuing into the rest of the day. in the afternoon trade. I showed you that. I just think the point review on all that again. The uh new week opening gap was used later in the afternoon and evening during the Asian session and then used as resistance here sold off. All of these things, the consequent corrosion, look at that. All these things I mentioned during the Saturday space is is what you're seeing here in the chart. It's just it's beautiful to see it deliver as I outlined. And it repeats over and over again. And I mentioned the uh the buy side the other day. That's this level here. And then that new week opening gap. It's it's been working basically those levels back and forth. And then today in in Telegram I told everyone I posted basically this chart here. I said I was watching this inversion fair value gap where it was used here and it broke down once we traded inside new we got gap. I'll let you watch the videos in the telegram channel. I'm not going to re rehash that because there's a lot of good information in those very short videos. If you're not a member of the telegram channel then you I guess you won't learn about it. It's not that big of a deal. It's not earthshattering, but it is something that I think is is pertinent to building consistency and know what you're looking for. And then we trade down into the 25th of April's opening range gap. We pause here, drop down into it, use it as resistance here, and then finally gives gives rather another drop lower. And then we have the market reaching down in short-term low. And then here's news. And this is my Venom model. Now, if you're new, you don't know what my Venom model is. I only taught it introductoryally. Introductory. I'm just I just coined that term if it's not real. Not sure if it is, but if it isn't, you know, I got dibs on it. The way it works is first you have to know what you're looking for. In this case, higher prices. Why? Because it's been dropped all day long. And here is your sellside liquidity. I have a video tutorial on this so you can go back and watch it. But there's sellside here and they drop it down through the low but they do it with a civvy cell on a balance buy and efficiency. Then they do a few candles down here and then they send it ripping right back up. And that single candle going back above that low is a bissy. So, we have a strong one-sided candle going down to take the liquidity. A couple candles left underneath that low to absorb all the sell stops for accumulation purposes. And then they displace it higher. This is the two fangs that make up that model I call venom. And they're injecting the venom into these cell stops. So, fang one, fang two, then leaves. Okay. So there's I I don't want to kill the the joy of watching the Venom video that's on my YouTube channel. Uh this is not all there is to Venom. There's a lot of other things that I will have in a book format because I know some of you are already rushing to put something together and sell it on Amazon and it's going to be wrong if you do. I promise you. And I'll probably go into your comment section and leave a review and tell them don't look at your stuff because it's garbage. So don't let me go to that extreme because I will. I'd like to do those types of stuff because there's a guy out there, John Fibilotti. Um, he tried that show and uh, yeah, I will. Right. So, I'm looking for a entry before this candle's high is taken out. I want to be buying. Now, there's two ways you can do it. You can do as a buy on a stop. So, a buy stop. This candlestick's high. You can buy it that way. Or if you're trying to keep a tighter stop-loss, you can be buying at this candlesticks open or less. Okay, so it's a power three type of entry model. So opening price comes in at 19,174 even. So you can put a limit order in as soon as this candlestick closes and you open a new one. The limit order goes in at this candlestick's opening price at 19,174.00. You put the limit order in and in this candlestick here. You'll see that I got filled there and you can see that there. Yeah. Look, look real close. Right in here. I'll try to zoom the video in. There is that little carrot symbol that tells you where the actual fill is. And there's the numerical value. Now, the stop loss on that trade is this this bissy. And if you look at where I have the fib, see the the lower anchor point and the higher anchor point. Those two reference points and that's what this level is here. Consequent encroachment of that stop loss has to be just below that. Why? Because this venom model is a balanced price range and it should not come back down here. If it does, it's not a venom and it's probably going to be a wrong trade. Okay? I'm not going to be profitable if it goes down to consequent encroachment or less than. So, I can put a stop loss just below that and feel confident that it's okay. And the market daily around in here and then sends it higher. Now, as I was watching this, I'm I'm smiling to myself cuz I know it's going to go up here and take that out, but I forgot that I was only supposed to be taking trades with 30 in the morning, 20 in the afternoon. So, I lost sight of everything. I got punch drunk because I was watching a live streamer in their chat window and whatnot. So, I just I just collapsed the trade there and was content with that. There's no there's no real reason for anything except for I didn't follow what I was setting out to do and I was wanting to showcase to you all here. So, this is me not following the outline I set for all of you. But still, nonetheless, it's still fun to see it. And ultimately it goes above the 19,300 and these highs in here. It comes back down in reaccumulates and all of this is occurring also around the opening range gap low of the 25th. Note that. So there's several things there. U we have a market maker buy model. Okay. And I'm buying at the lowrisk buy. And you could have done accumulation, reaccumulation, and then send it up there like that. That would have been wonderful for a market maker buy model. And then it continues actually going higher. And you can see it rips through that old volume imbalance on the daily chart after using the old opening range gap of the 25th. And watch what happens here. We trade back down into that opening range gap. But look at the body. See that right there? I love seeing that. It's telling you that, okay, we stopped here. The next candle should go bullish. It opens slightly below it, and then quickly rejects it, takes the buy side. Look at these candles here. See how smooth they are? Where there's smooth price action, it becomes jagged. It rips through here. Next buy side is here. It pumps it pummel that rather. And we have this consolidation in here. And they pump it right up into new week opening gap for this week. Lots of price action delivery in here. Consequent encroachment. Look at the bodies. That's so beautiful. All these folks out there saying, "ICT, you didn't create or invent a gap at the open of a week." No, I didn't. I didn't I didn't create that. But I gave you the logic on how you're going to trade it and use it precision based. That was never in any books. You're never going to see that. They'll they'll say, "Oh, yeah. It's going to fill the gap. Gaps like to be filled. It could it could be used as an entry or a target. Wonderful. But once it goes to that gap and closes it up, everybody else forgets it, that's what separates me from the boys. The boys are all chasing something new. And my stuff never gets stale, at least not for 60 days, okay? 20-day look back, 40-day look back, 60-day look back. This is only a couple days ago. And it's really, really fresh. So, it drops back down, takes out the sell side here, and gravitates right back up to the new week opening gap low. this run here to there. That small little scalp right there, that could be your whole model. That could be just what you're looking for, your model. See this wick? I could easily turn this into a 4hour video. So, I have to be careful. Do it, ICT. Do it. All right. You see that right there? Consequent encroachment of this wick. It's a discount wick when price goes above it. If you know it's likely to draw back into the new week open gap. Soon as we break above it, the next candle we open, trade down to it there. Boom. There you go. There's your entry. And this portion should stay open as well. A breakaway gap. And it rallies right back up into to take the short-term buy side here and back into the new opening gap below. And now we're just hammering around. This is kind of like typical trash Wednesday afternoon of non-farm payroll. Thursday, I've already told you what I think is likely to uh be a long-term daily chart. Not that's not that it's long term, but that's my higher time frame for day trading. Um for short-term trading, it's the weekly chart. Swing trading is the it's the monthly chart. So, by having that understanding that we could potentially trade higher on the daily chart Thursday and Friday going into it, I'm looking for reasons why the market may want to justify running to those levels as I indicated on the daily chart here. It's just to me, you shouldn't be doing anything with this. And I know we're in the last hour of trading. I don't like to trade the last hour trading on non-farm payroll weeks, Wednesday or Thursday. Friday of non-farm payroll. Absolutely. Absolutely. I love doing that. But just know that on your notes in your journal for Wednesday and Thursdays of not for payroll Fridays, final hour trading, it's a big gamble. Sure, you might have a big win and might be thanking yourself that you didn't listen to me when I said it, but I'm speaking to new students, new traders. Trust me, it's better to do this than to go out there trying to gamble. And either it doesn't do anything or it does something unexpected and hurt you. Okay, this week is one of those weeks where you can very easily get hurt and not fully understand why. So you have to dial back your level of exposure and risk. That means trade frequency falls off precipitously, your leverage falls off precipitously and just be content with what you can do on Monday and Tuesday and maybe London session or Asia Tuesday night into Wednesday, okay? and and limit your trading to that as a new trader and just watch just paper trade or tape read on Wednesdays, Thursdays, and certainly for nonprof payroll Friday. So, hopefully you found this insightful. Hopefully, it was helpful to you and until I talk to you next time, Lord willing, be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ April 28, 2025 Review
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZFkXGo_Wjo
================================================================================

Folks, welcome back. So, we're looking at the April 28th of 2025's Monday NQ Nasdaq mini futures review. It's going to be really brief. And before I get into this, if you like these kind of reviews, it doesn't take me very much time to do it. Um just give it a thumbs-up and let me know on X and leave a comment. Uh if there's a if there's a large enough interest in it, then uh I'll continue doing it. I'll add a uh dollar and forex reviews similar to this one, too, if if it's something you like. If you don't like it, then you obviously go watch the cat videos. So, here we are. We're going to take a look at the 1-minute chart, getting right into the nuts and bolts of it all. I want you to see how the market had a dive lower. Then it rallied up, creating a high here randomly, then came back down. Taking out that low and moving a little bit lower in today, but not before coming back up into this area. So, we're going to go over the salient points quickly. And I'll counsel you to go back and look at your notes. If you've been following me for a little while, at least through 2024 till present, I mentioned very specific things that give setups that I talked about this past Saturday in an X space where it's basically the keys to infinite setups that yield. Okay, so understanding where the market's going to draw, what time the market should draw to it, all those types of things. If there is an algorithm, the market would obviously do these types of things, but if there is no algorithm, it wouldn't do these things. It wouldn't be set in motion by time. So, let's go into Right away, I want you to take a look at these two lines here. That is a volume imbalance. And you're probably thinking like why are you looking at that? Well, the market created this short-term high here. So, that's minor buy-side ahead of the 9:30 opening. Then it opens up, trades up, and trades just above this high, and then on its way back down, I'm going to nail that right there. That's what I'm aiming for. And I gave you this low in the Telegram channel before the opening bell. And I mentioned that as just as guidance for you as a follower on X. I gave a I call it a mission possible. Not mission impossible, mission possible. It's kind of like a play on words, having fun with that a little bit. But I'm encouraging you with your demo account, paper trading, to try to get two 30-point or 30-handle runs in the AM session this week. And two PM session, 20-handle runs this week. Now, obviously you don't have to do it in one day, but finding it and trying to build it around a model that you like. Things I've taught, especially the the keys to infinite setups that yield. The topic I gave this weekend, albeit probably wrapped around blue-collar language. Uh it's not meant for children. I didn't I did not tell you you could wear headphone or without headphones this past weekend. So, that was your warning right there. But between all that, I gave you some really good information. So, I want you to consider what I said there, and then what we're going to show here today. So, right on the heels of this past weekend's I guess clinic on when things should happen, you're going to see it in the chart today. So, here's an execution. And I'm I'm working with my niece trying to teach her, and I'm also working with Cody. So, I'm trying to show him some things. I'm trying to show her some things, and aiming for that volume of balance as it went up here, as it started to come right back down, that's what I'm aiming I'm hitting it on a market order, and I'm going to target that low right there. And you can see the close was at 19,530.75. Now, I could have very easily held it for a little bit longer, but it was built on the premise that I gave you on X as a homework assignment for the week. Kind of like a a challenge. If you don't pass it, if you don't complete it successfully, it's okay, but trying to do it is the the point. Trying to find something, limiting it to what I'm outlining. 30 handles or 20 handles, okay? They won't always be this high. Sometimes they'll be smaller, sometimes they won't be in any one particular session that I'm usually calling for NQ. It might be a London session. It might be an Asian session. But they're just like little challenges for you to go out there and practice in. I'm trying to encourage you to go in and engage price action with a demo. But it's 36 handles essentially, or thereabouts, and bottom line is is it's within the scope of what I asked you all to do. Find two of these types of runs this week. And here's one. Okay? And now let's break it down a little bit further. Why, you know, why did price do what it did here today? Well, here is the new week opening gap for this week, April 27th, 2025, and I have the quadrant levels in there and the encroachment level. So, that's going to be salient in a couple minutes. And I want you to take a look at this low to this high. I'm drawing the Fibonacci from that low to that high and I'm plotting the negative 0.5 level. I've taught this in 2024 and mentioned a little bit about in 2025 so far. But, that's nailing the high of the day. Okay? So, that's your your range here is the opening range. And there's your high. You're not finding anybody else teach that. It's not in Wyckoff, it's not in Elliott Wave, it's not in supply and demand, it's not on anything, but it's good old ICT stuff. So, it nails the high there and then starts to roll back over. Now, as it's starting to drop back down, I want you to go through this price run here. Where in this portion of the price run, why am I only saying that? Because it's this high that it went above. So, inside this part of the range here from this high to that high here, what is a PD array that you could use on the way down? Inversion for value gap. Right there. Old high liquidity with a premium array. Market trades down below it and comes right back up here and sends it back down into new week opening gap and then to the sell-side below here. Now, I'm keeping these two executions here on the charts so that we can keep reference where we are as I move forward in time. 9:50 to 10:10 macro. That's when it delivers. It starts to run here to go to sell-side here. That's algorithmic. All right. So, here's where we are now. That's that execution so you can see where the opening is and that's the high inversion fair value gap. Market trades down below that low to this level here, and then back up into first presented fair value gap here. Now, it's a sibi, so sell side imbalance, buy side inefficiency. As we go below it, it picks back up the same characteristic it had at creation, which is a bearish fair value gap. That's why it's shaded pink. So, it trades up into the just short of the consequent encroachment of the new week opening gap here. Check Check that on your end cuz I My memory serves me correctly, it just got really close to dealing it, but didn't go there entirely. Breaks lower, comes right back up, hits it again. Now, what time should the price run? Michael, why didn't it just start the sell-off from here and just keep on going take out that low? Cuz it wasn't time to. 10:50 to 11:10 macro. Here we are. Same scenario here. Lower quadrant of the new week opening gap. Breaks lower on the heels of the macro starting, come back up into breaker. Breaks lower, fair value gap, trades up into that as well, consequent encroachment of the fair value gap, sends it down into last Friday's opening range gap. Oh my goodness. That's just like I said in Saturday's Shotgun Saturday. Think about it. New week opening gap down to a old opening range gap. These are like black holes. They just suck the the price right on in there. It pulls it in there. It's not buying and selling pressure, folks. The market's going back to these levels to redeliver and offer fair value. Fair value to who? To the market. Not the players of the market, not the traders. It's for the market to recalibrate, go back to levels where there was inefficiencies, and gaps are the most inefficient there is. When that takes place, never forget that simply because we used it for the day. No, no, no, no, no. Absolutely not. Listen to the rules I prevent presented with them. We're not one and done. Okay? A neophyte's perspective is something like that. We're not doing that. We carry the PD array in the future and use the up-to-date ranges to limit how far back you're going to look. 20, 40, and 60 days. Clearly, this is last Friday, so that is within the realm of being a valid or strong likely drawn liquidity. And it draws down into it here. Look how it respects the high of it. Consequent encroachment. Works this level here, consequent encroachment. The body's respecting the low, consequent encroachment. It trades outside of it taking that low here. And this wick we have a consequent encroachment on that. The body's staying inside that. Hits it dead on right there. And it rallies back higher. Now, I want you to take a look at this gap here because I'm going to move forward in time and show the afternoon. But this gap here is shaded red because it's a bearish fair value gap. I'm going to extend it forward. So just remember around 19,460 or thereabouts, okay? But I'm going to extend it forward and I'm going to change it to this color here, which it denotes it's going to change its character from bearishness to bullish. So it's going to become a bullish inversion fair value gap. That's this one right here, okay? Now, you can do the same thing with this on your own chart here. Same thing. Bearish fair value gap becomes an inversion fair value gap fair value gap that's bullish later on in in the future. So you can test that with 19,380 and then the 19,460. But this one here I'm going to have annotated on the chart. Here it is here. And before we get to that, here's that consequent encroachment that wick after taking the low out. And then at 1:30 I teach you that the opening range for the afternoon session, PM session, for equities begins at 1:30 to 2:00. And what you're looking for is the obvious displacement fair value gap, not these little small little tiny cracks between two candles. This is the obvious one here. And it comes down right into it there. Fair value gap, institutional order for entry drill, rallies. Here's that 380. The bearish fair value gap I told you to look around the 19,380 that I did not highlight earlier. If you find that on your chart, extend it forward and you'll see that it's using that here. And it rallies up. And it creates the inversion fair value gap that's bullish here. And the price takes off during the what? The 3:15 to 3:45 Eastern Time macro. That last hour trading has this very sensitive 30-minute window. And stop listening to these people that tell you there's a a 20-minute after the hour macro, a 40-minute after it it's Forget all that, okay? Forget all that stuff, okay? They're making up stuff to sound like they have a gimmick or a plot to to sell you your attention. Or to gain your attention, I'll say it that way. Or even worse, trying to sell you a mentorship that probably doesn't work. And then it rallies up into the new week opening gap. Again, for this week, blows out the high of it and it comes right back down into it and trades back into consolidation after the 4:00 settlement. Again, could have done a whole lot more talking, but those are the salient points and keeping with what I talked about this past Saturday and I've always I've always talked about very specific pools of liquidity and key PD arrays that I've authored. These things are in the chart today. On the heels of a fresh conversation we had during the period when the market wasn't even trading, what's the chances of all that stuff working today in your charts and in mine? I could have done a lot more trading than that. But, I'm sticking to what I'm trying to lay out in front of you to kind of like inspire you. Because if you're beginning as a trader and you're looking for consistency, you have to be able to find low-hanging fruit objectives. And that morning session I called this morning, I told you that 19,471 was doable. After it ran that high, it went down and blew that out, too. And it even went lower. My challenge to you is to go through what was the pre-market session hours. I mean, 7:00 to 9:30. Where was the sell-side liquidity there? Note that on your chart. Then find the London session. What was the sell-side liquidity there? And finally go and look at the Asian session last night when the new week began. Look at the lows that were formed there. Each one of them has relatively equal lows. I was not looking to go long and the Telegram channel was very brief because I gave you a task this week. So, I'm not trying to do the work for you. I'm pointing where you could be focusing in that direction of that liquidity. So, that way hopefully you if you've been following me long enough, you know how to frame a setup based on the PD arrays I've talked. I will give you an answer key chart with what the liquidity pools are that I just mentioned, but don't look at that post. If you look at the post in the comment section before watching this, you ruin the entire exercise for you to find that. So, I'll talk to you next time. Be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ Review April 24, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UaGxeE3AdqE
================================================================================

All right, folks. Welcome back. Just a quick little ditty here on Thursday's Nasdaq trading. Take a look at the uh the daily chart here. As I mentioned last night, um I wasn't sure if we were going to drop down into this gap in here. But we did uh dip its toe in the water just below the previous day's low. I did say that we would be reaching for this high here and then eventually we'd be reaching for these relative equal highs. Uh we were able to do that today. Trade up above that. And we're going to look inside this volume balance for any details as well. Here's that volume imbalance and here's an hourly chart. Here's some relative equal highs. You can see how we rallied up into that today pretty aggressively. And zoomed in, you can see that this is that 60-minute fair value gap I mentioned on social media today and trading up into it and then above it, treats it as a inversion fair value gap right there. And then sends it through minor buy side and then the buy side Yes, you're going to hear my puppies in the background and no, I'm not editing it out. Turned over a new leaf, baby. And then we have the 15-minute time frame, the inversion fair value gap here. It's it pre- pre-market session hours. It's before 9:30. And then it rallies up, takes out the high I mentioned last night. Just straight up, you know, this this market's nuts. If I tried to fight it, you know, as a 20-year-old like I used to, I'd be completely destroyed, okay? And you're probably going to have the same outcome if you just go in there recklessly trying to force it a bias or force a um perspective. All right, and here is the smaller 1-minute time frame. This is the pre-session pre-market session. I did a 15-second order block long here and I showed that on the Telegram channel reaching for this buy side here. And then we traded up into this rally above that 60-minute or 1-hour fair value gap. I was entering in in close I'm sorry, close proximity to just above the midpoint of the consequent encroachment. Had a little bit of heat on that, but it's okay cuz the the money that was collected from this trade here funds the open position drawdown in here. So, it's kind of like a I guarantee myself, you know, 300 bucks, 400 bucks, and then let's see how far um we can milk this thing going in the direction and aiming for this little gap in here. There's my close right there and I I shared that on Twitter cuz a a young man asked me, "Is that all there is for today?" I had something I had to take care of today, so uh I wasn't able to trade. And honestly, the opening really here it is it to me really wasn't worth doing anything with cuz if you weren't already pre long basically, uh if you haven't entered the uh market long before the opening bell. You really didn't get a chance to do anything. This is a 928 candle. So, it came down consequent encroachment basically of that daily in daily volume imbalance. And it just kept bouncing and then higher. So, I'm glad I actually missed this morning because I would have been a little frustrated you know, being in front of you once more and just not seeing the things I'd be looking for to take a trade. So, it is what it is. That was one of the reasons why I spent time with you before the opening bell and that's it. That's all I got for today and we'll see if it continues to go higher for us relatively equal highs on the daily chart.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ Heavy Manipulation Review
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28M9ouiKmSY
================================================================================

folks. Welcome back. It's going to be a really, really short video. I mean that sincerely tonight. So, we're going to be looking at a Wednesday review for April 23 25. Right. Here's the daily chart for NASDAQ. And we're going to zoom in here and take a look at that right there. That premium wick constant encroachment and that volume imbalance. So, let's zoom in here. All right. So, right away, I want you to take a look at that wick right here. Now, why am I even referring to this one? Like, why would my eye jump to that? Why would your eye jump to that? Well, after the market starts to dive down here, where's the swing low here? This candle, this candle, and this candle. But this has a long wick or tail in this case. And what I like to do is I like to measure from the open down to the low. 50% of that is consequent encroachment because I teach you that a wick whether it's below or above a candlestick is to be treated as a gap. Draw that out in time. You can see during Wednesday's trading, we traded up here and hit that went just a little bit above it and came back off of it. The other point of interest is this volume imbalance here. So between this candlesticks open, this candlesticks open. There's no bodies laid down. There's wicks that are overlapping, but that's my volume imbalance. And then we opened here, traded up through it and up into the premium wick of this candlestick here. What makes this market environment presently difficult? Well, the fact that we're having a whole lot of like separation between the settlement prices, this right here. So, you have to focus where all the volume imbalances are. That's where you start. And when price was down here, you have to look up above from this low up to that high. Look through all that. So you had this volume imbalance. So when we started the week, looking back through all this, you can see the volume of balance there. Fair value gap with a volume imbalance. So technically it's this open to this high, but that's a PD rate for another time. And then you have this volume imbalance there. And then price did in fact trade up into this area once before. But PDAs are meant to be used more than once. Okay. So that's unfortunately one of the things that makes what I teach a little bit more complex than the standard support and resistance idea, which you know, napites like to say that's really what it is or supply and demand. It's nowhere near any of that stuff. It's way beyond it, light years ahead of it. But there's a a rhyme and reason. There's a a proper context to using them. And there is a time, there is a expiration on each PD array that I use. And it's the if the data ranges, okay, 20 day, 40day, 60-day look back. You can look back further than 40 days and still use those PDAs, but it's going to require you a whole lot more experience and knowing where the market is likely to go. I'll just leave that there. Okay. So, let's go in with these two PDAs in mind. Premium W consequent encouragement of this candlestick right here on the daily chart for NASDAQ June delivery contract 2025 and this volume of balance right here. Okay, those are the only two reference points on the daily chart that I'm going to have on the lower time frames. So, if you're on my Telegram channel this morning, uh we opened up the session with uh obviously a very large gap opening which is denoted here from previous days settlement. So, that large gap there generally it's usually within the scope of reasonable for it to continue moving in the direction of the extreme opening gap. in this case moving higher. But in the beginning of the session, I was not interested in going along with being long right away. I was insisting that the market would trade down to a discount and then this would have been a ideal scenario to reach up into. And if it were to trade beyond that, then we had this candlesticks high. But we do have these relative equal highs here that are again I I don't want to sell the idea that it's going to definitely go there. But as long as we keep pushing higher, that would be a reasonable area to to watch this. I don't know if we'll get into that this week. In other words, trade back down into it. Who knows? I I don't know. the way the the market's behaving, you know, tariffs are on, tariffs are off, you know, reciprocal tariffs. It's you can't keep up with it. It's it's it's madness. And I I believe this is what I was referring to back in 2016 when I did Twitter spaces and I talked about what you're actually seeing happen geopolitically and in the United States with our leadership. It's almost like I was giving you the the headlines of the newspapers and articles. you years in advance. Believe me, I'm taken back by it as well. So, let's drop down lower time frames. Here is a five-minute chart and you can see how the market did in fact trade up eventually into and above that daily premium wick consequent encoursement level and the market then gave up the ghost went lower and traded back down into that daily volume of bounce. It's in yellow and then went into a rangebound consolidation. All of these wicks here, look at all this back and forth. See all that right there? This is what I was anticipating when I said turn your charts off. If you're a member of my Telegram channel, that's free. Okay, you can find the link on my YouTube channel. Go to the description of my YouTube channel. Scroll down, you'll see the link to my official X and you'll see the link to my website and then you'll see the link to my official Telegram channel. That is absolutely free. I do not sell you a service. I do not deal with cryptocurrencies. They're garbage. They're trash. I would never take a payment from you with crypto. I would never send you a direct message. I'm never going to talk to you in a direct message on any medium, any social media at all. I'm not on Tik Tok. I am not on Instagram. I am not on Discord. I am not on threads. I'm not on Facebook. Okay. So, whoever you are seeing in those mediums, they're pretending to be me. If they're ever asking for money, well, there's your sign. It's not me. But these back and forth wicks here, that makes it obvious that there's manual intervention. Okay? When we have a very clean price run, we have inefficiencies. the inhibitions are allowed to be remaining open partially or if not entirely. That is a very clean market to trade in. And as soon as I started seeing signs of that this morning, that's why I just said you turn your charts off and trust me. Now, that doesn't mean that you can't trade it later on. It doesn't mean you can't eventually see a setup. It just means that I'm not going to be sitting in front of you knowing the influence that I have over many of you and I'm not going to influence you to do something that could potentially hurt yourself. Okay? So, we're in the Telegram channel. We're tape reading. We're not doing trade signals. We're not trying to get you in there to make money or or risk real money. It's for you to borrow my 33 years of experience and then see what my PDAs can do for you in the long run doing those same types of things in your own hands. So just know that while price was going back and forth like this, this is extremely difficult to trade in unless you have such a large stop, very very small risk and you've been positioned well in advance here, here or here and your stop is way down below there then obviously you can endure that okay but I was trading with the things that I teach which is first% of fair value gap or you know false breaks and I was not interested in being long. So I felt like it would be likely to pull back down into this little area right in here which had this low and I annotated that in Telegram. So that was really the first primary run I wanted to see and then moving in the same direction of the opening gap being bullish. this would have been another area I'd be reaching for, but we're going to see what happened in in reality here. So, here's a one minute chart, and here's the first percent of fair value right here. And you can see the market does in fact rally up, comes back down. Lots of ugly price action in here. And I said that we would likely see a draw back down into the first percent value gap. was a probable draw, meaning it's going to pull back down into that. That was me setting the stage for something like this move here, dropping down into first percent gap, then up into a PDA that I would have given you at a subsequent later time, but you know, as it were, we had all this back and forth price action. I mentioned that we pretty much can expect that they have ran out all the shorts and the market started to break lower. I went short on this candlestick. I will show you the execution in a moment. Then I mentioned this fair value gap. It trade up into it, started to sell off, got real close to first% of fair gap and then it does this return back up into it and then bang one more time. Then false rally drops down into the first present value gap then creates an imbalance here. Trades to the daily premium wick consequent encroachment creates a drop into the macro. And we have one more time a premium wick consequent encroachment. That's it right here. You can see the bodies are respecting that the wicks are allowed to do the damage. As you can see it, they did a lot of damage in here on a fiveman chart. And then during the 1050 to 1110 macro, we start to see it sell off. Nice little bearish order block with a cibby right there which is institutional orderflow entry drill. Three PD rays all in one. What I just said, play it back again. Write down your journal. That is a model in and of itself. If you have a bias, the market breaks lower, trades into this inefficiency that comes in inversion fair value gap. Another premium wick consequent encroachment here inside the inversion fair value gap and tanks down into pressure gap which we'll extend in a moment on the next slide. This will be extended over here and trading down into the daily volume imbalance and then below the sell side that I mentioned this morning in the telegram channel and into that fair gap. So it does that right here at 11:30 which begins the lunch macro. So, I want you to take a look at this candlestick right in here. And there I am shorting four at 19,108. And there's a little symbol telling you exactly where at on that one minute candle. So, it opened trade up a little bit and then started its way back down below this high. So, that was my turtle soup. I was mentioning that it was technically a turtle soup environment, meaning that it's a false breakout. buy stops have been taken and I'm looking for a drop back down into first present for partial one which would have been two contracts. That's how I would have done it today. And then I would have taken one below here and then I would have left the remaining to be taken below here. That's how I was going to trade it and plan it. And now you'll see this is where I got stopped out on this candlestick. And I had literally just dropped the stop just above this little high here. And you can see on that candlestick right there, that's where I got stopped out and match the price up over here. Okay. So, 2200 or so, 2210, 2220. Um, at the cost that would be in my case here a very fortunate outcome because it could have very easily ran up aggressively and put put me on a losing uh engagement today, which I guess many of you were like, can you just show that? And this in my in my view this is like a loss because I knew looking at it that I'm kind of like betting against it. But yeah, in this case I was fortunate with being experienced enough to drop the stop down. But if I wouldn't have done that, this would have been a loss. Like it would have been a loss altogether. The stop loss opened up on the position three ticks above this high. Okay. So, it was really, really thin in terms of the amount of movement I wanted to allow it to go against me. And if it was going to drop, it was going to have to start doing like it did here. If it did all this back and forth and started running up, then I would have been waiting for this level here. But, you know, I was working with this morning session and it is what it is. Sometimes when manual intervention is underway and that's what all this stuff is in here even I can't win against that. Okay. And there's no shame in that. There's no excuses about it. It's just that's the facts. Uh my concepts work. They're strong. I know how to use them. I have enough experience to use them properly. You've seen it for a long time. But up against the hand, you know, at any time they can do these types of things. And that's why we have to have proper risk management. Don't overlever and stop losses have to be used. You cannot use a mental stop. You cannot pretend that you'll h I'm watching it real close. You can't do that in these environments right now, folks. I promise you the people that are trading without stop losses are biting their nails. They're not sleeping well at night. Their digestive system is probably a wreck and they're not consistently profitable. So that's gambling. That's really gambling. So I told everyone once this occurred here I said okay turn your charts off trust me and then it went back and forth and he hall dropped down into the first of gap then right up to that premium wick consequent encouragement and then started its maneuver back down. This type of thing's going to happen to you. You may get a trade on in a day like this and suffer a loss and then later on see it do where you thought it was going to go to a specific level and you you get mad. You get tore up about it. You get emotional. Those guys did it to us guys again. That's unfortunately what this game sometimes entails. Meaning you're going to do it wrong. No matter how good you are, you're good. your concepts are how good the mentor was at taught the you all those things are well and good but remember it's still their casino it's still their rules it's still their advantage all the time and they can come in here and move price because they own it their commodity can make price wherever it wants to be at in their eyes it can go there right away and it matters not where our stop loss or our position is net long or net So, I want you to take a quick look again. Go back and look at what we have here for these PD arrays because I'm going to be scrolling to the right in the future more. And I'm going to extend some of these levels here so that way we know what we're looking at. Okay. So, the first fairback gap here acts as an inversion fair gap here. Beautiful. This looks like it touches it as you zoom in on it. gets just real close to a tick or so away and then rolls over, which is actually good because you want to see them fail when it's weak. And if it can't even touch the PDA and starts to sell off, then it's wonderful. Take the first you got and that would be right in here, which is an overlap of that daily volume imbalance here and then trades down into the lower quadrant of that daily volume imbalance. And then we started banging around inside that and then traded outside of it here. And later on the afternoon, you can see that's that move outside and below the daily volume imbalance and it creates a sellside liquidity pool. The market rallies up, creates the runs off of the quadrants on the daily volume imbalance. It's that yellow shaded area. That's the level I started with the daily chart. Then it rallies back up the first percent of fair value gap. Trades back down into the daily volume imbalance. Here's the afternoon session first percent of fair value gap. It trades up into this morning session first got and then drops down below it and reading here hits it starts to work lower and one more time but during a macro 250 to 310 hits the first business fair value tongue twister I'm not going to edit any of this stuff out hits the first presented fair value gap of the afternoon opening range which is 1:30 to 2:00 I've taught that and again I'm saving a lot of details about that because I know some of you are so hurried up to try to put something in print before me, but you're all going to be wrong when your books get out there. I promise you, you're going to be an embarrassment. And I'm not trying to be mean, but I'm holding it back for my own books. So, there you go. The macro sends it lower and attacks the sell side here like that and banged around here. If you extend that first, present a very bad gap in the afternoon opening range. End up hitting it here. The body stay inside of it. the wicks are left to do the damage and then it trades back down into the lower end of that daily volume imbalance. That's it for this one folks. Hope you found it insightful. Just a quick note, I get a lot of questions a lot of times uh folks will post things to me on X or they'll send it to me in the comments section of my YouTube channels. Do I have a account on Facebook? No, I do not. I don't have an account on Tik Tok. I don't have an account on threads. I don't have an account on Instagram. I don't have an account on Discord. I have one Telegram channel that you are welcome to be a part of. It's free. Everything I share in there real time, which we'll be later transitioning to, where I will send PDF notes and study notes and study guides on either market reviews for the week. So that way you can go through. I want to do not a not an every day or every week type thing, but I want to do a example of how if I was going to do electronic logging or journaling, what would it look like and and what what things would I include in it? Okay, so that way you kind of get a feel for what I think you should be as my student doing every day, every day or week or uh month or quarter or year. All these things are going to help build your understanding about who you are as a trader, what you're going to focus on, specialize in, and help make a more concise trading plan using what I'm teaching here. Because not every concept I ever taught is applied by me in every every instance or every model. It's just you have to find what makes sense to you. What what's germanine to your understanding about yourself and price? Are you a contrarian? Are you someone that takes a lot of things to change your mind? or are you very shortfused and and you change your mind a lot indecisive? Um all those things are characteristics personalitywise that are going to help you build a model that fits that and all of my PDAs can be used to to formulate that. But you first have to go through the process of discovering who you are and what makes you tick and how will you self-destruct. Because no matter whose concepts you use, who's your teacher, whatever thing you're going to trade with, if you are reckless and and and in many ways likely to self-destruct at any time, you're going to do that with anybody's concepts, with anybody else's mentorship or anybody else's winning system. Even if they had winning trade signals, if you follow them, you'll still mess it up. Okay? Okay. So, that's why I teach the way I do because it it isn't enough for you to know a good system or attacking the price action with secret weapons of PDAs or you know the correct support or resistance or whatever indicator settings you like. It's first understanding who you are and that's what makes me the most boring mentor. But it also in many ways makes me the leading edge of what makes it work best. And apply that to anybody else's strategies and you'll see that they work near flawlessly because you've corrected the source problem which is going to be you the operator. And if you don't fix that first, everything else is going to fall. Okay, till talk to you next time. Be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - Turtle Soup Deferred Entry With -Rejection Block
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5N4QHrY6DRc
================================================================================

Hello folks, how are you? Hello folks, how are you? So, I hope you enjoyed your Passover holiday last week. I know I did. So, we're going to take a quick look. I promise it won't be long. Real quick, easy, painless. Um, if you watched what I was showcasing this morning in my Telegram channel, and you can find the link to the Telegram channel on my pinned post on my X channel or profile on X. It'll give you a visual on how to locate it on my YouTube channel. So that way there's a lot of people out there that have fake ICT Telegram channels and they're trying to sell you stuff and do all kinds of nonsense. Uh it's very easy for you to locate it. It's in the channel description on my YouTube channel. And again the visuals on actually how to find that is on the pinned post on my ex channel. All right. So we are looking at the five minute chart on NASDAQ June delivery contract for 2025. Uh this morning I was outlining. I had very low expectations admittedly. Uh usually I my protocol for trading after a holiday. Um and even though markets were trading last week I was not participating in any of that. I was uh fasting from the markets, if you will, and the the long separation from what the market did the previous week to when I first look at the market today. I I like to give it a like one day buffer. So today I showcased a execution and you're going to see it again here. Uh just for disclosures purpose I am going to let you know that it was not a live fund account trade. Usually I'll come out and I'll tell you you know it's you know a demo when I want you to understand it was a demo. So because it's within keeping the the rules and processes protocols I follow. Uh this could have very easily been a day where treating this setup would not have yielded an outcome like this. So because I am a stickler for principles and and rules when I'm trying to teach it to you all uh again just know that the money that you see here today shown on this particular trade was done through the medium of a paper trading account through trading view. But again if the concepts are showcasing you know theory in action I'll leave it to you as the viewer to determine whether or not there's any value in that. Okay. So again, as a reminder, you will see at the end of the year live broker statements, but for now, let's just get through the year. Okay, so we're looking at the uh June contract five-minute chart, and I showcased in my Telegram channel. We're going to look right in here. There was a couple things I had already outlined, which were this large cibby for the new week opening gap. So, here's a new week opening gap high, new week opening gap low. and the outgoing encouragement in lower and upper quadrant levels. And then we worked away from that. We had a inversion fair value gap here trading up into the 650 to 610 a.m. Eastern time macro that supposedly never exists. We have buy side relative equal highs here and a volume imbalance. Really, really easy uh anticipation running up into that and the market broke aggressively lower. Now, if it was not a day after the long break from trading, from not participating or even watching price during the Passover week last week, uh then I would have actually taken that trade like that would have been an easy low, you know, a low difficulty trade setup. And I would be looking for this level here, which is an old hourly low. I'll show it to you in a moment. And then I may have been more inclined to hold on to the trade for a little bit longer instead of just the small little move that I was looking for and you watched me do on uh the X. So the market again breaks below this low here. And I I've taught breakers obviously. You can go in the 2016 ICT mentorship playlist and for month four I teach the breaker as an introductory there. I've done lots of lessons and and and built on it since then. But uh this is the candlestick that is my bearish breaker. So technically what you want to see is the last down candle prior to a run higher and these highs here buy side lowest low before this high takes out that buy side and it trades up into a premium array. I mentioned this in the Telegram channel, but just for completeness sake, there's a lot of you that can't either subscribe to Telegram, which I don't understand why you can't. It's free, but or don't want to use Telegram, which I can appreciate and understand, too. But for those individuals that were not members of that and watch me outline this, you know, explain it in the video in Telegram, I'm doing it for you here just later in the day. I mentioned how I walked through this buy side of balance sell sign efficiency right here which is this volume of balance to that candle sticks low. So all this shaded area is a buy center balance sellside sign efficiency but when the market provides this context where it trades through it this changes to a inversion fair gap bearish inversion fair gap. Why? Because this was a buy side imbalance sellside in efficiency. If it was a bullish market, it would come back down into it and hit it like it did here and then rallied up to the premium array. But since we broke down, keeping with the bearish market uh direction, it's been delivered since we started this week here. Um, and because of all the tariffs and all of the other stuff that's going on in the geopolitical arena, it just it's very hard for the market to find traction. So when we traded below it, I outlined this when we were trading here and you can see that in the telegram channel it trades up into it trades the consequent encroachment just a little bit above it. The bodies respecting the low end of it and traded down lower and right in here I said okay hypothetically you would pay the trader. So that was a preession uh setup that I outlined during the Telegram channel. But obviously we know during the opening uh the market can run short-term highs and short-term lows. So if the market's bearish and we had relative equal lows down here, you can see how the market did in fact run up. But look at the bodies. See that? So we had all of this damage done with the wick and then this wick here basically is consequent encroachment of that. I have taught this in 2024 tongue tester 2024. Um I just entered up on my YouTube channel. You can see it's just perfect delivery. It's algorithmic. Okay. You're going to tell me that buyers and sellers agreed to stop transacting right there at the consequent of a level on a wick which is premium PD array. You're going to tell me some goober out there wrote a book and has that in there before I ever release it to the community. I'm going to tell you right now, you're a liar and nobody's brought it forth to prove it. Nothing rebranded. All original stuff here. Hot, fresh, right from the oven. And this baker never runs out of yeast. So, the market runs up into that and then breaks lower. So, I'm watching this on a 5minute chart. You can't see what I'm seeing because I'm only recording on one screen with my system, which you can see a short little video of it. I have 12 monitors in my office. So, I have different time frames on different charts. So, I'm watching a plethora of things. I'm watching other markets that are correlated to it. Watching ES, I'm watching YM. I'm watching dollar index. I'm watching bonds. I'm watching key currencies. I'm not looking at key stocks. I know that's a popular thing with a lot of people. I could care less because everything I need to find is what I'm looking at. So, because we have this idea here and it's likely to run the 18,080 level, which to me was a very easy lowhanging fruit objective, very easy, simplistic, nothing crazy about it. Um, it could have just went down here, take out that low like it did here, and then traded, banged around a little bit, and didn't do anything. That would be a classic type of day after a Passover slash you may call it Easter um break from the normal uh volume that comes in the marketplace. If you watched last week uh that is a little bit more animated than a Passover week's volume because usually it gets real wonky and it doesn't really deliver very cleanly. And I I don't regret being in front of the um the charts at not being in front of the charts at all last week. But anyway, I'm starting to ramble on. This is the again the context here from the five-minute basis. And then we're going to drop down into the one minute chart and finish this up real quick. All righty. Here we are on the one minute chart. You can see on this candlestick right here, it runs up after opening, runs up, hits the consequent encroachment of the five-minute premium wick, stops dead in its tracks, and then starts to displace and go lower. My eye my eye is is toggled onto that right there, that up close candle. Now, what am I looking at that for? Why am I watching that? because we've already shown the initial run into that inversion fair value gap and this one right here and then we went lower. So all of this was outlined before the fact and then at 9:30 opening the route up into the clear the preession stops for anyone that's already short. Classic scenario classic classic. So this inversion fair value gap gets used again but I wanted to wait and see because of the nature of the marketplace. Even it was a demo account execution. I still wanted it to be nice and clean and principally based. So, as it left trading below it, I'm trying to wait and time it when it hits this uh closing price. So, I want to show you like this. So, here you go. That is the rejection block. It's a bearish rejection block. And right there, just like that. Okay. So, as price is dropping down on a one minute chart, as it does that right there, it's doing two things. It's leaving the inversion fair value gap. This after proving that the consequent corion of the five-minute wick stopped price in its tracks. And look at the bodies here. Everybody is higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Rejection, algorithmic destruction, it price takes it outside of the inversion fair value gap. And as soon as it hits this level here, the algorithm is going to start spooling. Okay, I'm not going to go any greater detail here. promise you in the book volume one I will talk about this very thing right here because this is a deferred entry to a turtle soup false breakout um higher high reversal pattern. Okay, so I I try to cover every possible scenario that you may be familiar with the general principle of a buy stop read here. Turtle soup is my little play on and a nod to the pattern that was taught in Street Smarts by Linda Rashki and Larry Connors. But I do not trade that form of turtle soup. I don't use a 20-day high. I don't use a 21-day high. This isn't even daily charts. These is just one minute candles. Okay, but the premise behind a stop hunt stop. Uh it's just a beautiful little mechanism of entering a trade. But you have to know what the narrative is. And if you don't know what the narrative is, you're going to get lost in the sauce. You're not going to know what you're looking for. What high you going to pick? You know what? What are you going to aim for as your entry mechanism? How do you know it's not going to keep going up? That's what I teach. I teach narrative. I understand how far it's going to go. And I gave this inversion fair value gap before the opening bell, but true to form. Look what it does. The wicks are allowed to do the dimension. That doesn't matter to me. Like I'm looking for how those wicks are laid down. And then I look for this type of scenario here, which is what I taught in 2024. uh more insights about that pattern as well also in volume one of my books. Uh volume one absolutely will be out before Christmas this year. So please stop sending me emails um when the publisher gets it ready then that's when it's ready and when it's ready you'll you'll know about it and I'll I'll tweet about it or post it on X and I'll do a little uh press release on my YouTube channel. But you know asking me about it isn't making it happen any sooner. Okay. So anyway that's the business there. The market right now and takes out the relative equal lows. This is a minor sellside liquidity pool and then finally that right here the old low in the morning session. So what I've been doing in case you haven't noticed is just for the morning session if I'm operating inside the preession or during the opening range or the first hour trading that's kind of like that little small little area of opportunity I've been focusing on for this year's executions. And sometimes I'll do trade setups in other time frames. You've seen me trade London now. You've seen me trade Asia. You see me trade the PM session and the afternoon New York session, but really my focus has been primarily trying to get you to focus on just a small little window of opportunity that's framed by time and looking for very simplistic things that repeat and it's been a pleasure um this this year just showcasing it without a doubt proof before it happens the very PDA raas because I get a lot of questions a lot of people will leave uh condescending remarks in other people's channels about what it is I teach and they be they may be using it and then because they're using it they have trolls that come in they try to tear them down and and say it doesn't work or it's rebranded but they can't even come up with where it was rebranded to show me in a book show anybody in a page number you prove it you prove it it's never it's never able to be done by them so I want you to understand that by showcasing these things and I'm pulling out in the telegram channel the very PD race that's going to cause the moves and it's undeniable Okay. So, um I I I get great deal of encouragement as an educator when I see the comments section and there's lots of them every single day um on YouTube where I see them. You can't see them, but I can. And I just want you to know there's so many of you. I'm just doing a blanket response saying I appreciate your, you know, willingness to take a couple minutes to type out your your comments or uh you suggestions to continue. Uh, but I will tell you this. Um, the the live calling the markets type stuff, uh, that's only going to be for the month of May and then I'm going to stop and you'll understand why after that because, uh, what I'm going to be doing, I don't want anybody else looking at the market the same way I am. Okay? Uh, but I will give you lectures and and maybe reviews if not um, post May until we get to the end of the year. Uh, I have a schedule I want to keep and some things I want to accomplish and some projects I'm working on. So, um, it's not that I'm going to stop altogether, you sharing with you. I just I'm not going to be doing the daily pointing to where it's going to re refer to specific PD arrays. Uh, cuz it's already being sold in other Telegram channels as somebody else's analysis. Um, Discord channels are also copying what I'm saying and they're treating it as analysis and they're selling it, too. So yeah, it doesn't take long for somebody to come in, a small handful of people to come in and and try to pretend that they're doing it themselves. And that's why I've been baiting them more by not putting any watermarks on the on the videos on X because I know they're sharing those things and pretending it was them. And they're in other countries and they the people probably don't even know who I am. And that's fine. But when the water turns off, when ICT turns the utilities off, you got nothing else to talk about. You you run out of yeast. I don't run out of use. So, let's take a look at the the setup. I'm only showcasing the the moves that are basically working inside the first 60 minutes of trading. And if you showcase this here, you can see that this candle right there. And I'm I'm targeting right there that rejection block. And I'm doing it on a market order basis. So, it's not going to be perfect, but that's what I'm aiming for. Okay. And then obviously the little low over here, you can see it gets filled below it there. And then it comes right back up to the old hourly low, which I will show you in a moment what that is. Trades up into the volume imbalance here and breaks lower. Takes another low out there. Trades one more time up in to the old hourly low and then they send it. this move here. This is not what I'm trying to give all of you this year because this is Robin's cup winning type setups and I'm not trying to spoon feed that. I I know that there's two guys that are basically following along what I'm doing. And you got to get your own honey buddy. You can't you can't be in there getting it from me. And then you wonder why they're slipping on the leaderboard because ICT turned the valve off. All right. So, okay. But we're seeing it obviously break lower. Then we had some buy side liquidity here that took that and broke lower. And again the same thing in here right there. Sales on a bounce by side efficiency. When it's a wick that overlaps it like that means they're going to revisit it again. And you see it there. I'll just highlight it once more. Right there. It's easier to see it like this. These old eyes are mine. See it here. Beautiful. Look at the body's respecting that. Okay. Um the again this is one of those how do you know which um fair you have ICT? Uh well first of all number one premise is time why why should it form where it's forming two where is it in the context and narrative of the the day is it profile it's going to be a trending day it's going to be consolidation day it's going to be reversal and if you see the fair value gap that has a wick laying over top of it okay you see that body right there none of that candlestick's body is laying anywhere inside of that fair value gap this is going to be revisited in other words like a reclaimed fair value gap 90% of the time it's going to 90% of the time it's going to happen. So you can see it respecting it there. Now everybody else would see this. Okay. Allah Lori crowdn uh they're going to say okay well this is done. You know what you're talking about. So the market rallies up, wicks up to the high end of it and then you have the what the opening right at that low of that fair value gap and it stops dead in its tracks right there and sends it lower and we're going to attack low down here. What's the sell side liquidity? Market breaks lower. One more attempt to get in here. What's it hitting the breaker this candlestick here? No, it's the lowest down close candle. Watch. And you use the entire range, not just the body. Sometimes you use the wicks, not when it comes to breakers. And there you go. You see it beautifully trading there. Sends it lower relative equal lows breaks lower. And now we left these here. And now we've come off of that into the close merger on C close if you will. Okay. So this right here has been left, which I like that. So this might be something overnight. It might be something for tomorrow. Uh, just have that in mind. And just so you know, for completeness sake, there it is. Uh, we're looking for 17,700 and just below. Okay, so that's the level I'm going to be watching for this evening. If I wake up during London, I'll take a look at and see where we're there. And then tomorrow's trading again. That's what we're looking for as something to draw us down into that. If it doesn't just completely do it after u 4:30 when early trading hours are completed and the settlement finally finishes it just the markets are all over the place folks. The volatility is off the off the charts and no pun intended. Hopefully this was insightful. Hopefully it was helpful to you. If not just keep coming back and you'll get more and I promise it'll help you. Until talk to you then be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ Review & Extraordinary Volatility  \ 04/09/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmrFr3zeubM
================================================================================

Welcome back, folks. Hope you're doing well. All right, so this is a quick little review for April 9th, 2025 for NASDAQ. All right, so you can see we've had a monstrous rally this afternoon. I'll get into that in a moment, but uh this is the continuous cont I'll get into that in a moment. But this is the continuous contract for NQ, NASDAQ futures. And I want to remind you that we traded down to the depths of discount I was outlining last week and then came all the way back up, teared up into these two consecutive up close candles, which is a bearish order block. Now, it doesn't mean that I'm saying it's going to go there and then go lower. In fact, it's probably different. Probably the opposite, right? So, here we're looking at the hourly chart here and you can see there's an inefficiency and now we're looking at the June delivery contract for NASDAQ futures 2025. We have a inefficiency here. with a gap and a short-term high buy of liquidity. It took that tra the consequent encroachment of this inefficiency here. Now, I'm noticing that we've had several buy side taken here, here, and smaller short-term intraday in here, which you'll see on the trade that I took. But we went to consequent encroachment of this inefficiency. Watch this candlestick's low to this candlestick's body. So, I'm encompassing all of that price action to define that inefficiency. Relative equal highs, they smash through that today. And this liquidity void, which is no price being offered at all, no buying or selling in between these two specific times. That's a real liquidity void. Okay. So because it gapped lower, we traded up through it and then back down through it and then we're back moving to the upside. So consequent encroachment of that inefficiency is going to be influential today and you'll see that in a moment. Right. 15-inut time frame. You can see the relative equal highs here buy side that inefficiency on the hourly chart and just back and forth in here working inside that range respecting all the quadrant levels and here you can see that rather handsomely and ultimately we get this crazy town rally to the upside again buy side here sits around 20,000 drop down into a two-minute chart. I want you to take a look at this little area in here. This buy side bounce sell side of efficiency candlestick high to actually this is actually u I think if I'm not mistaken I believe check me on this don't take my word for it but on a two-minute chart for uh June NASDAQ this closing price is just a tick or so below the open of that one so that means there's a small little volume imbalance and that's what annotating. I may be incorrect, but for the sake of testing the old man, just just check it, okay, on your own chart. So that balance on efficiency, it trades back down into it and leaves a small little portion of it open. See that between the candles high and where these candles lows form and then price sends a rally up retraces back down into this inefficiency the high of it the buy side sell side in efficiency then it rallies one more time just to bump the high and that's where you'll see me exiting my trade. I shared that on Twitter. I'm not going to upload it or add it to this video just simply because I still don't want to. So you can watch it over there. There's no music. There's no uh any sound behind it. It's just me just sharing what I did today. And we're dropping down into a one minute chart. Keeping that two-minute buy sign bounce outside efficiency in view. And then we have the first presented fair value gap. So we have this candlestick's high. This candlestick is the gap. And then the low of this candle here is the high of the first percentive fair value gap of April 9th, 2025 for NASDAQ as it relates to the one minute chart. So the market trades down inside this little area in here right on this candlestick. You'll see my entry in a moment and then it rallies up and then we have this inefficiency. This candlestick's high to this candlestick's low. No, the volume of bounce. So that's what's annotated there. And if you look at the uh the video, I actually have this inefficiency drawn incorrectly. I always fumble on that uh phone app. I just can't get my uh my rectangles to drop where I want them to drop and I I monkey around with it too much. So I I know what I'm annotating and I know I'm going to have the people come behind me and try to correct me, which is fine. It's good. that means you're paying attention. But the idea is that you need to have that volume of balance annotated. Whereas in the video, you'll see me not doing so. But it drops down into the bodies respecting the midpoint consequent encouragement and then the wicks go down and do the damage testing that two-minute buy sign bounce sign efficiency but not getting back down into first percent. Then it rallies higher, takes the high out here, then retraces and goes all the way back down into, you can see it just a peak below that first percent again going into the 1050 1110 macro. So, let's put some lipstick on this and show you where the entries were. Here's the candlestick I entered on. And that little tiny little sideways carrot symbol, uh, that is where I entered. So you can see it as the candle opened as it was a boldfaced bearish candle. You can't go any uh more extreme than that in terms of buying right there. Buying on the low and it comes back off. Next candle trades back down. Trades below a little bit. My stop, you saw where my stop was. Um it was initially right below this low here. So, dollar risk was rather high, but percentage- wise, it's really small relative to the account. So, reaching for it to go much higher than I have here, and you can watch the video. So, I don't want to steal too much thunder from watching the execution. It's about a 19-minute video, which I'm surprised that X even allows that length, but you know, it allows me to share a whole lot more things down, doesn't it? But the market rallies up, takes out the short-term buy side. And I had a limit order for three of the four contracts that I bought. Again, look down here. It's four contracts entry there. Had a little bit of heat here. Draw down in other words. And then this arrow here on the next slide, which I'll show you now. You can see that that is the sideways little carrot symbol that shows you I was getting out at that price right at the high. And then it gave multiple attempts to try to go higher, but then gave up the ghost and finally got stopped out on the last one that was trailed right below here. I had annotated during the the recording on my phone that this was a mohawk, which is a little outside the the range coloring, which is permissible before it gets to the target. And that that's just a a brilliant little example of sticking to the rules. And then market came back down again, working lower over here. which brings us to the afternoon. Okay, so you can see the business over here where the trades were uh entered in where was finally stopped out in profit on the last single contract. Then as we went through the lunch hour, we had first possessive fair value gap again used here, then here, and they worked inside that new week opening gap around the high, came back above it, worked an old new day opening gap on the 8th of April, traded lower, and this is the spike down in and Trump halts the tariffs for 90 days, and then the market goes ballistic. literally tears the face off of anyone that's short and just completely runs a muck. This goes like a bat out of hell straight into the inefficiency on the hourly chart here and traded right into the consequent encroachment of that inefficiency. We have a small little need opening gap here. Make sure you annotate on your chart. But I want to spend a minute or two because I see a lot of folks already saying uh why aren't you in Telegram? Why aren't you breaking down the market in Telegram? Why aren't you telling us uh real time commentary? And this is why I'm refraining from real-time commentary. Folks, I understand some of you are really new at this. Uh some of you most of you probably are in demo only and you can't appreciate the the measure of risk. If you're looking at this move right here, which is what I warned about, I said I wasn't going to be messing around this week. Okay? So if I do anything, I'm doing it in the privacy of my own well solitude. And that might make you mad. That might upset you. You might feel like I'm being selfish or stingy. No, I'm being responsible. I know the power of the influence I have. And if I say anything in the marketplace, because you've seen me be very, very consistent this year, I would be tore up if I were to say something and something like this would be contrary to the idea that I would have you as my students watching. Let's just say for the sake of argument, I wouldn't have done that. You can see I was bullish today, but I did have a short in here. Let's just say for the sake of devil's advocate example, let's just say that I did and we were just taking a setup that would take us right down into the new week opening gap high and maybe the lower quadrant. Maybe maybe that's something that could have been suggested by me. I'm not stating that it was. I'm not saying that it would have been, but I'm just giving you an example, a hypo hypothetical example. Let's say that that took place. Folks, these are one minute candles. 1 minute. Look at the the velocity of how fast this thing was moving. It was moving hundreds of handles inside of the time duration of 60 seconds. You you can't you can't protect yourself from that, folks. Your stop loss isn't going to work. It's not going to work. you're going to get out at a very very grossly unexpected exit price and it might do greater harm than you're willing or able to weather. So, I understand that you see these big moves and you think, "Wow, ICT could have put us on that." No, ICT will not. I didn't even take that trade. There are things that's going to happen because of what's going on right now. There's so many geopolitical things, so many things that are, you know, in the states that's being done by this present administration. And there's just an unbelievable measure of uncertainty, volatility, chaos, but it's all controlled chaos. And because it's a lot of hand involved, manual intervention like this right here, you're not going to be able to time it. You're not going to be able to expect it. And and Lord forbid something, you know, worse happens, some kind of attack or something like that. This is going to be the the similar reaction. And this is why I said that you need to be lowering your leverage. If you're trading, you're doing it on your own accord. You're taking the the responsibility in your own hands. But you have to be very very careful. And if you're leveraging in these current climate, in this condition, if you will, in the marketplace, you're gambling and you're playing Russian roulette with not only your finances, but your peace of mind and your health. Because if you get caught offside on something like this and you're a fool and you're not using a stop-loss, not that it would do very much protection in this regard here, but let's say you weren't using a stop-loss and you were shorting. You had your hinder parts handed to you today. And that type of pain is what I'm trying to spare you from. And you can get upset. You can get mad and say, "Well, you're just not doing a good job anymore. You whatever. I don't care. I'm going to be the person who I am which is responsible. I don't want to have anyone's comment saying you caused me because you're never going to have that. You're never going to be able to say I caused you to lose money. That's not going to happen because everything you do in your accounts is done by you and you alone. I'm never telling you when to buy. I'm never telling you when to sell. In the Telegram channel, we talk about price action. That's it. We're reading candlesticks. That is not taking trades. That is not trade signals. And some of you like to believe that it is. Hint, hint, nudge, nudge. And it's not. And think about how you may have been put into a situation where you felt influenced by what I said. And something like this tore your face off. you're going to have a hard time trusting trading the concepts me and you'll become bitter and sour and that'll mess you up and you may never never come back from it. So doesn't it make more sense that your educator, your teacher, your mentor, your coach, okay, your quarterback if you will, is looking out for your best interest even when you don't realize the importance of doing so right now. You're so new, many of you, and you don't even understand the elevated risk that's associated with what we're watching right now. And I'm just trying to capture your attention long enough for you to learn still, but also balance your expectations. And if I can influence you to sit still and not hurt yourself during these periods, then I will have accomplished my goal. Because trading is not always getting in and riding moves from one point to another. A lot of it is waiting, waiting for sound setups, lowrisk, high probability conditions. And folks, you can call whatever you want to call right now. And if you happen to be part of something like that that rallied today, that's that's you just being on the right side of a happen stance. I'm not going to call it luck because there's no such thing as luck. But you just found yourself coincidentally on the side that just happened to not tear your face off. And I'm certain there's people out there that were not so fortunate today. And I'm trying to make sure that my community isn't going to be influenced by me to fall victim to something like that. And I've always conducted myself like this. I'm never going to, you know, try to grandstand and do things that are outside the scope of this re really sound logic and personal responsibility. We're never gambling. We're never trying to guess. And if the risks are so inflated and high, I'm going to tell you and I'm going to act accordingly as a mentor. So hopefully that's at least calmed you down. And when things get a little bit more I guess I don't know what the right word is right now for it. If we leave this elevated volatility stage that we're in right now and come back to a little bit more normaly I will return back to giving real time commentary candle candlestick by candlestick. But until then, this is the way it's going to be for a little while. Okay? I'll use the Telegram channel to share notes and and types of uh study things that you can use, but real time will have to be put on the back burner until things settle down in the marketplace. Right folks, thanks for watching. I hope you found insightful, encouraging, and at least holding you accountable to your own actions. So, I'll talk to you next time, Lord willing. Be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - How To Disqualify 1st Presented FVGs  \ 04/08/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y63zsrLCcCw
================================================================================

Folks, welcome back. All right, so we're looking at the review from Monday's trading. I was supposed to have this up yesterday, but I just didn't feel like doing it. So, same things. Back hurting, complaining. I know. But everybody's asking what's going on. why my uh not all that active and just reminding those that don't know. All right, so let's take a quick look at the daily chart. This is what we were looking for on Saturday or Sunday. I think it was before the market opened up. I shared my analysis and I said that we would likely open below this low gapping down and trading down into this inefficiency here. That's a real liquidity void. And that low here had sellside. And we're going to see how we opened on Monday. We opened below that low at 17,113.25. Traded lower, made a lower low going into the 7:00 hour Eastern time in Asia. Sunday night going into Monday. Here is S&P. Same thing. Lower gap opening. And again, we're going to look at these two lows here. But first, we're going to grade the opening range of this gap here. So, this is new week opening gap where we opened that range. We grade it half of its consequent encroachment. So, new week opening gap high, new week opening gap low. This is for Monday's trading, which yes, it is hindsight. Okay. So, just letting you know I shared what I did yesterday. You can see that on uh on my socials. Look at the lows here on NASDAQ on the lefth hand side. We have this low and a lower low. While on the S&P ES made a higher low. So, that kind of told me that we probably did enough for at least the beginning of the week gapping down like this. I'm not going to go so far as to say that's the capitulation that I think is needed for the low to be in. It's just too many things going on. Tariffs are being pulled back. You know, higher tariffs are being threatened. It's just it's it's a mess. So, it's going to cause very erratic price action. So, your leverage needs to be dialed way back or basically you're going to get your clock cleaned, meaning smashed. All right. Here is that liquidity void I mentioned on the daily chart for NQ. And look how close it got to it. Just above it. That's good enough for government work, right? Again, divergence between the lows. All right. And then here is NASDAQ over here. and this low in the London session right below that low here is sell side and same low respectively to that of the ES and the market traded down and we're going to look at this little area in here but for now just note that I did not get this entire run up I didn't want to hold on I wanted something very easy low hanging for a target relative equal highs, relative equal highs and the relative equal highs here. And this high here would have been just as good as any as it's upside target without getting any of this. We're going to zoom in on ES first and I'll cover this. So here's the London session lows that had sellside below it and here's the buy side liquidity and another form of buy side liquidity right there. Okay. So 8:30 time that's when the algor spooling even when there is no news and we have that here trades to get the sell side down here. Now I want you to take a look at this and I highlight the exit. Okay? Okay. So, that's why you see it highlighted down here. I'm hovering over top of this arrow so that way the little exit arrow appears on the chart. So, I got out at that buy side here and I did not get any of that extra run and it's okay. Um, admittedly yesterday I kind of regretted having shown what I did because it really doesn't support the idea. What I opened the week with was just be careful and don't you don't try to do anything yourself. But, you know, I can't I can't take it back once I release it and put it in social media. I don't ever delete anything. But, I want to zoom in here and walk you through that little area here. So, you can see this candlestick here, the down candle, and then the next candle here. That is the very first presented fair value gap of 9:30 to 10 opening range on Monday. So this and we took out the sell side at the London lows when price was in this area here. I felt that it was warranted to make a run for the buy side here. And again, I'm hovering over that candle exit arrow. So that way you can see that's where I exited at and the price matches that there and market replays. Besides, I showed the actual closing of the position. So I'm not sure what else I could do. We're going to zoom in on the NASDAQ now. the sell side taken here, the buy side liquidity, and I'm hovering over that arrow to show you I got out above those relative wise. And no, I did not capture any of this move here, and I'm okay with that. Let's zoom in here cuz I want to teach you something in regards to the first results of everybody got. So, this is the structure here. We have original consolidation by side. The market's tanking. It went lower early on in the session on Sunday. We had SMT divergence that never got cancelled out. So, it set the stage for the lows that were formed in Asia on Sunday night. Those are the weekly lows and we can start looking for sellside to be taken and then reject that and start to look for buy side. Not because we're trying to pick a low, not because I think a low is in. It's just they they put an extreme gap, which is what I outlined on Sunday before the market even opened up. So, having that expectation of I'm saying Sunday, aren't I? It was Saturday. I put the video up, then I did a Sunday shotgun uh x space. So, that's what's confusing me. I'm a little tired. But the the analysis I gave on Saturday on YouTube and then I gave a two and a half hour cheerleading session on X in in the form of a space. But we had such a large gap lower all expected on Saturday and handed to you before it happened. the market tanked and took out the London lows during the opening range. So here's opening range 930 and it trades down into 945, 946, 947 and then this was the first of everybody got. Now I know some of you think that it's this one. Now why is this not a valid first% of everybody got? You ready? This is your opportunity to pause the video and think about the differences between what I just showed as mine and that one. If you don't pause the video, you're going to jump to me explaining it and won't give you an opportunity to think about it. All right. So, here's what some of you think was the very first present value gap. But why is it not a valid first present value gap? because you need to look at where it is in proximity to the candles that formed just before it. Watch. See the body on this one and the body here. And then this one, the only thing it did was trade down and wick through the discount wick of this candlestick that the consequent encouragement. This whole area here is a balanced price range. So if there's a gap that would be formed inside here, that's not essentially breaking away from anything, is it? Because it's still inside of this balanced price range. So the only portion that would be considered a gap would be what? The bodies or this body to this candlestick. There's no there's no gap there. There's no imbalance here. All this is reflecting is it's leaving this balanced price range with all of this back and forth. And think about it this way. This candle opened up here, traded all the way down to that low and closed there. The next candle opens exactly where the previous candle closed. Then it trades up. And then the next candle, we open here, do a little bit of movement up, and then trade down to that low. And we stop here. We've had range delivered here in the majority of what this would be viewed as a fair value with these candlesticks and this one went lower. So, it's not accurate to call this an inefficiency. It's not. It's part of this larger range that's been traded back and forth. And then when we get this candlestick here, this is actually a gap from this low to that low. So, look at the real inefficiency here. And there it is there. Now I'm entering right the consequent encroachment of that there. So there's the difference. Hope you found insightful until talk to you next time. Be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ NFP Algorithmic Price Delivery  \ 04/04/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JipPODfc5_U
================================================================================

Welcome back, folks. All right, so this is going to be a really brief review. Uh, some of you guys that always ask me to get right to the point, you're going to like this one. Uh, for those that want to have a little bit more jawbon or the shotgun portion of this, I'll have to defer that. I don't know if I'll be able to do it today, but if I can't get it done today, I'll do it tomorrow. uh sometime tomorrow morning I'll announce whatever that time would be on X. So all right so we're looking at April 4th 2025. This is NASDAQ. All right. So um you'll see what these levels are in a moment but we have uh at 9:30 Eastern time. Here's first presented fair value gap after a high runs shortterm buyside liquidity here. First presented fair value gap when we're bearish comes back up in offers multiple opportunities to get shortened here. The very first one is this right here moves lower back into it here and at the end of the opening range which is 30 minutes 9:30 to 10:00 Eastern time during the 950 to 1010 macro all in here every one of these opportunities here get short then we have this buy side of bounce outside efficiency once price breaks away and through it uh that's the inversion fair value gap and trades all the way down to my objective I gave you which was 17,750 on NQ and I mentioned that it could trade to 17,350 but I didn't feel it was going to do it yesterday and uh you'll see that it got real close to it but it didn't get there. So at the 1050 to 1110 macro, price rebounds right back up into that inversion fair value gap there and touches the high of the wick that I gave you as a discounted array to watch for um targets basically on uh on ENQ on the daily chart. Market uses the inversion fair gap here breaks lower trades down into upper quadrant of the wick on the daily chart which we'll see in a moment. uh it breaks lower back down in went below 17,750 and then we're in the lunch hour now. So it goes one more time, sweeps below the low and then comes all the way back up into the 150 to 210 macro. Now for the afternoon, I want you to look at it this way. We have 1:30 is that the ICT stuff, the stuff that's not in books and no one knows because I'm still teaching in the uh the opening range for the PM session. Okay, so George Nel never taught this. Okay, Larry Williams never taught this. Uh Gan never taught it. Woff never taught it. Supply and demand guys don't know anything about it. So again, I had to twist that knife to let everybody know that this is mine and uh you'll have all the real details in the book. But for now, I'm just showing you little pieces. But the first presented fair value gap in this run here, the first percent value gap, if you go through all this, watch ready, that is too small and insignificant. Contrast that with this. See that right there? Much more prominent. And there's a volume imbalance right there. So, if you take that and you add it to this candlestick's high and you drag it up into the volume and balance and project that forward, you'll have the afternoon setup here. Going into the 3:15 to 3:45 macro. Remember there's that 30 minute interval between 15 minutes after 3 Eastern time to 3:45. And I guess we'll be better if we put it all on the chart and you'll see it right there. Drag it over to 345. There it is. And there's your candle at 3:45 turning it consequent encroachment of that inversion fair value gap which is the first presented fair value gap of the PM session opening range which is 1:30 to 2 p.m. Eastern time. You are absolutely welcome trading community for that gift that just keeps on giving. Beautiful. Look at the body stopping inside of it there. You're going to tell me there's no algorithm. You're telling me that's buying and selling pressure. I'm going to tell you you're full of gradea malarkey. and then back to consequent encroachment and sends it lower. Trades down below 17,550 and the low comes in at uh 17,387 and a half right in there. It's beautiful. All right, so I'm going to take you up to the daily chart real quick. And that's these levels here on that wick. That's the upper quadrant, consequent encouragement, lower quadrant, and the low. All those levels here, you'll go back into the one minute chart I was just showing you, and all of that will make sense. This is the next draw in liquidity after we punch through this low. I personally think we're going to gap lower and be below this low on Sunday at 6 p.m. and then uh make a run below that low here. If it wants to go further, we have this low and this actual real liquidity void, which is a common gap. That's what a liquidity void is. A inefficiency like this, that's not a liquidity void. There's actual prints book raids there buying and selling. So that's actually not true when you call that a liquidity void. Just want to toss it in there also. And then here's a uh that that gap just extended forward. So, we were looking for that here. Um, pay no mind to this line here. It's probably going to be random if it gets down there. But all these levels here are all pertinent and just beautiful after seeing the relative equal highs. I told you that we would run for those first. Remember, go back and watch all that analysis. We'd run those first and then take the the sell side down here and work towards going into all the levels we're looking at now. So, it's been a beautiful uh first three months of the year. And then on Sunday, I will uh see what we get at the opening at 6 PM. You can keep up with me on X around that time. And uh I'm sure I'll have something to say about it then. Like I said, if I can do the uh shotgun Saturday uh portion, I'll do it sometime today. It'll be on X. I don't want to do it on the YouTube channel because now I've done this video here. Um, if I can't do it, then I'll do it on X tomorrow morning and I'll announce the time when it is and what it's about. Okay, until I talk to you then, Lord willing, be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - ICT Venom Model Tutorial  \ 04/03/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wL2oyebbvU
================================================================================

folks welcome back so we're looking at the April 3rd 2025 review on nasda Futures and I'll be teaching you my Venom model all right so we're looking at the one minute chart on June delivery NASDAQ feutures and this is the opening range and and you can see it's obviously over a th000 points difference between previous regular trading hour settlement price and that of the opening price this morning at 9:30 eastern time so when I taught how to use the opening range Gap how to trade with inside opening range itself which is the first 30 minutes 9:30 to 10:00 eastern time if there's an extreme Gap lower it's likely that not even trade back to consequent encroachment which is generally a 70% likelihood occurring in the first 30 minutes of trading but we have a, or 1100 almost points or handles on NASDAQ opening lower given the climate also with the tariffs and whatnot it it basically makes it next to Impossible yeah it makes it pretty much likely that it will not make any attempt to Rally higher it doesn't mean that it won't trade back inside the opening range Gap but it will do it modestly as you can see it does here okay I'm going to f it out a little bit more detail here but I want you to look at the Tweet or post on X I gave this morning it was kind of early the uh the highs in here on NASDAQ were not agreed with in es so I posted es the NASDAQ smt The Virgins which set the tone for obviously you know looking for lower prices but the the details we're going to break that down now all right we're going to take our attention over to the nudie opening gap which is where we opened up at at 6 p.m. eastern time yesterday evening and where we settled that in electronic trading hours you can see that down here okay and I put the quadrants in so upper quadrant lower quadrant and consequent encouragement level now given the underlying weakness of NQ because of the teff and whatnot it would be reasonable to anticipate that this new day opening Gap is pretty much the extrem of retracement into the opening range Gap itself so if we look at these levels over here we're going to go back over showing the remarket hours 8:00 to 930 you can see how we traded up into the lower quadrant here and then we had this rally a little bit slightly higher than that the opening price at 930 is this Candlestick right here right at that price right there and I extend that through for your benefits you can see how it behaves and respects or this misses the uh the level that's been used for the first opening tick at 9:30 eastern time today in regular trading hours so everything prior to 9:30 in this chart all of this is electronic trading hours so for Venom well let me let me just preface it by saying this those who have been studying with me for a while will get the most out of what I'm about to suggest as points of interest how to frame a narrative logic and then then or a bias if you're brand new to my Concepts it's going to feel disjointed much like everything has uh in my channel if you're brand new but the question is this in the morning what are we doing after the opening bell at 9:30 eastern time what is the market going to use for draws on liquidity for what purpose and then once it goes there what will it do next now in and of itself that's a it's a list of riddles that most people in this industry will say no one can know that with any certainty or in consistency and our community is viewed many times as arrogant um you'll see people say they pretend to know what the Market's going to do or what the algorithm is going to do um I'm going to counsel you to just remember what I did this morning I shared in another YouTuber's live stream in front of them in front of their viewers and then I showed the the actual time and stamps that were uh used when I made those comments where I called what you're about to see today I was going to enter on Venom I was going to use it like that but I said yeah I'm I'm not ready to teach it yet so I'll use a deferred entry but I want you to think about what I've shown in the past I've done live trades with amp amp Global and had $188,000 in one trade One Singular trade real money not demo okay and it was me showcasing this model I I only did it one time where I C attention to it but I many times have used it in the past where you're not going to pick up on what I'm doing and it's interesting to see people still try to say I took the same trade you did not take the same trade okay I promise you you did not take the same trade and unless you actually did the trade and you had the receipts to prove it why you got in it and all that I'm going to ask you as my students don't do that because it's to me it's a little disingenuous let's put it that way I understand that you feel like I'm going to look at that and say Well done but unless you have evidence that you executed not in the market replay I'm I'm not I'm not going to acknowledge it it's not being mean it's not being uh this you know disapproval to the point where I'm going to shun you it just means that I'm not going to acknowledge something like that I have too many students that are literally booking their executions in recordings or live streaming it and we don't need to do those things okay so let that be an encouragement not something that's condescending but I want you to think about how when the Market opens at 9:30 before that I'm already looking at very specific levels and I've proven that this year by showcasing it in advance in Telegram and I will quote a buy side and a sell side and I want to see how price reacts at them now this is the part where you write down how to frame out a narrative this is venom model narrative without going into great detail everybody knows that I'm looking for 17,750 on NASDAQ okay um there'll be another opportunity or opportunity rather to uh take something off beforehand I'll mention that when we look at the last slide here the daily chart but if we look at the electronic trading hours and anything prior to 9:30 and you can see in the lower right hand corner it's showing electronic trading hours at 9:30 what I like to do is I like to look back and see at the start of 8:00's hour I want to see where the high is and where the low is inside that previous range what am I saying my previous range denote 8:00 in the morning from 8:00 until 9:30 that's a 90minut window I want to know where's the high and where's the low inside that range of time okay very very specific things here since we're under the impression that the market is likely to go lower because of the the impact and weight of the tariffs that Trump's been implementing the bias should already be naturally oriented to being bearish but how can we use that information well you're going to look at it from the lens of having this High inside 8:00 to 9:30 that's your buy side see how easy that is it's not ambiguous is it it's very very very specific and then we have the low formed inside that 90minut window now before you get all crazy and start thinking oh he's teaching the 90minut Cycles or the 90 minutes this that and the other thing no no no this is this very specific 90minut window that sets the tone for how the algorithm in the opening range is going to refer to very specific buy side and sell-side liquidity pools and it does not mean that the Market's going to go just to that one and not any higher or that low and not go any lower it just means that these are your first initial frames of reference for looking for the open range or the trade going into 10:00 to 10:30 it's that first hour of trading that's kind of like really the whole basis of what I've been doing for 2025 using what I've already taught but focusing on that small little 60-minute window of opportunity and I've given you so many things to help Fair it out very intricate details and precision elements that what the algorithm will do you've watched me do it day after day week after after week now month after month at some point you're going to have to concede and say you know what either I'm very very lucky or there's an algorithm and I have something about it so because we're likely to see lower prices it makes sense for the market to do what to make its Market protraction to the high first what high that high right there so this high is going to have much more significant than that of the low here meaning that at 8:30 I'm sorry at 9:30 the Market's going to gravitate to that high here first why because anyone that short the algorithm is going to unseat them and allow smart money to accumulate their positions after being stopped out what kind of stop is it going to be when when price trades Above This high it's going to be buy stops which is extremely convenient for smart money to want to be counterparty to selling to those buy stops and in anchoring and fortifying their short positions here notice this High here and this High here they're relative equal highs this punch higher right there this is where you have to be paying attention to okay this Candlestick right there that one right there that is the Venom this high this High yeah relative equal highs they're known they're predetermined how can I say that because I mentioned it in advance before it happened I mentioned that byy side that was the first level I called this morning then Market drives up into it it leaves this is the this is the the signature folks okay this is what makes Venom when this Candlestick shoots above both these highs here that's the raid on the buy side liquidity the candle is left inside of that pool of liquidity above these highs here is what confirms its venom there has to be an inefficient run higher to it and then an inefficient run away from it see that that makes this area right in here thanks think of it like a Viper or a Mamba okay this is a snake coming up and biting and venomized that were short that have by stops there that little movement there in that Candlestick laying and closing it has to close above these relative equal highs once it does that it's confirmed that it's likely setting up Venom when it breaks down on the next candle here and closes here you have it imbalance here imbalance here that means it introduced and Venom the B side it poisoned them and then quickly left so these are the two fangs they're your telltale signs the way you can trade it is you treat that as a real turtle soup not some goober on X pretending he authored something this is one of the highest forms of reversal patterns now it's not turtle soup that was taught in Street smarts this is absolutely light years beyond that no disrespect Linda and Larry but this is absolutely 100% night and day light years Beyond a 20-day higher low or a 21-day higher low break out this candlestick's closing price is the change in the state of delivery when price trades up to ADH here that's your lowrisk entry high-risk entry where you have to have a great deal of conviction is when it trades above it you're entering as it runs up into it and you've seen me do that many times in executions not in demo either so this is Venom where you have the up lose candle that's inefficient and then cell side offered in a singular candle where it's just run up drop the poison in and then leave it then you have change in state of delivery so the highest form of this would be sell short above the relative equal highs because the narrative it's going up first to take that b side out and then gravitate towards what level the level I gave also this morning 18, 830 cell side electronic trading hours low electronic trading hours High inside that 90minut window of 8:00 to 9:30 those are very very specific highs and lows folks and if you know where the likely draw is on the weekly chart it means if you're expecting the market to be predominantly bullish or bearish for the week then only focus on the buy side in that realm if you're bullish you're looking for the sell side in that 90-minute window at 9:30 it's simple it's it's simple so you're going to miss some trades let me say that also sometimes it won't go to your high or low and it starts running then what do you doing that well you then you use the opening range Gap or you use consequent encroachment or you use the Silver Bullet that there's so many things you listen to these goobers out there that say the the guys that Focus which they really talking about me the guys that focus on just time time first instead of price well if you're just following price you're guessing you don't know when price is going to start moving and you're going to lose a whole lot more than someone that's looking for time oriented price delivery so I know what I'm looking for I know when what I'm looking for it's going to form if it doesn't form at the time then I know I'm waiting for the next opportunity I know where they are I'm proving it and it's delicious seeing everyone that just simply will not acknowledge that this is real that the depths in the the acrobatics that they go through they try to deny it and now they're taking you know Extreme Measures of just trying to you smear anything they can just make people doubt whatever I say but you can't doubt what I've already proven for months now every week when have I gotten it wrong when has it not done what I said it was going to do I'm showing examples I'm giving examples now I'm not showing anything tonight with my Live accounts because I'm reserving what I'm doing in those to my own personal business but I used a demo account today so that way here's where we're going to be very upfront and transparent okay what I'm going to share with you tonight was done in a demo account two reasons number one I don't want to mess up anything in my personal accounts and I want to hold on to what I preach I said that it was going to be likely to be a difficult session but when this setup formed I went with it and because I wasn't going to try try to teach Venom I use the Deferred entry model and I'll show you that also but Venom is this run to the buy side in a bearish market inside the 90-minute window of forming your buy side and cell side envelopes where above that is buy side below that is sell side and then when we R rally up we leave the Candlestick on a closing basis above the buy side which needs to happen first when you're bearish then it needs to have a Candlestick that's inefficient higher as it delivers it leaves the candle up in there and then quickly leaves it and runs away and because this Candlestick and this Candlestick acts like a Fang they're two fangs it goes up introduces the Venom the poison knocks out those that are short they can't participate and then it quickly runs away that's your signature then you wait you either take institutional Wonder entry drill about this candlestick's highs or entry or if it can afford you an entry back to the opening price of the last candle which is the Venom order block that is your change in the state of delivery you can see it delivers it there goes up two more tick just to make sure the price is there and then runs away then the market breaks down and you have another little Fair bag Gap here with first present the fair Val you got so in here I waiting for to trade up into first pretend a fair value Gap and then inside of this Gap that I will not have highlighted in this presentation but I'm looking at it when I'm watching price so you see my entry will be on this Candlestick here inside of this Gap I was masquerading as someone that was just simply looking for the first per of fair value cap and I wasn't trying to draw any attention to Venom but um it'll be written in a book with more details I'm just giving you this is the the introductory lesson there's a lot of people out there pretending that they know what my Venom model is and it's kind of weird actually it's like whenever I mention something like imp 24s um in the past there's this quick rush for scammers to run out there and pretend that they somehow got a secret lesson from me yeah or they went through some uh Market making training session and they were trained in the same boot camp that I was and it's it's crazy the level of lunacy that some of these people you know promote and people eat it up it's it's crazy but anything other than what I'm showing you here is not Venom okay it's not Venom they can use the names they can talk like me and talk about in hindsight and Market Replay that is not what you're seeing here okay I'm walking the walk after I talk to talk I tell you what's going to be used in price action and then it happens so once that buy side's hit the market starts to move lower and grav gravitate towards that low here what makes that low so special remember it's the lowest low in the 90minut lookback at 930 but the market needs to be predisposed to go One Direction if you're trying to use this model when it's in a middle of a trading range and it's done had several large range candles up or down Venom will not appear in that it's not going to appear in that the nature or the underlying premise behind this model is it's going to unseat those individuals that would otherwise be profitable you have to have that in the in the context of why you would even be looking for this setup otherwise it won't be there and you're going to see people out there trying to try to look for these setups and they're not going to be in there because they don't understand the underlying context of the marketplace we'll continue and move on into more details now here is the executions I used this is going to be because I was going to show you this as the trade example for today and not mention or Draw any attention to my Venom model but Venom was the underlying premise as to the levels I I gave okay so you see it's not Market replay but in fact this is an execution done on demo because number one I want to remind you that it's okay to do this in higher risk environments in fact I'm actually surprised to see my model deliver as well as it did today I mean I this is learning experience for me you seeing my tools and and things being pressed in these high stress conditions where the market is extremely manipulated and has a great deal of of volatility and to see it delivering still like this is this it's just it's fabulous I love it so you can see that uh the entry right here 8,991 that's inside of that Gap right there and I like the fact that it traded up there and fell short of the new day opening Gap low that's the signature I teach if it can't touch that is it weak yes when the market should move lower and that's why I felt confident when it was treating back down inside that that's when I entered okay so I do this a lot and I've done it a lot back then when I was on baby Pips when I would show examples that's when I was really doing it a lot cuz I was really uncomfortable you know I felt the Lord saying we had an arrangement here yeah you learned it you know it but now you're at that point where you need to start sharing it like you said you would so it was very it was very reluctant to do that so I would do a lot of things in the example I was showcasing back then and just trying to get comfortable doing something that I didn't feel comfortable doing because let's be honest okay I mean you can just look at the the sentiment of the community on X and everyone everywhere else that sees what we're doing and the common consensus is this should be illegal like there no one should know this right and this is what I meant when I said you know the Inner Circle when when you learn these types of things you're viewing the marketplace through a lens that until I started teaching it nobody was really thinking about it like this you can call it whatever you want to call it you can say it's rebranded this and rebranded that and that's all lies that's all lies because if that stuff delivered what I'm showing you here there would be people doing it but what what are they doing they're using bid balance cellid efficiencies they're using cellid imbalance bid efficiencies bisses cbies order blocks fair value gaps new week opening gaps new day opening gaps the 30 minute opening range that's the real one that's the algorithmic one consequent courance of the Wicks these are all things that never was made any attention anywhere else I don't want to turn this into a commercial but I I really want you to think about what you've been seeing me do this year think about the the sheer probability of someone getting it right this many times this frequent this precise with the logic that I've already taught repeating over and over and over I'm not Reinventing the wheel not producing something that's new and outside the language I've created I'm just giving you more examples of how you can formulate a model now if you strip away the essential core elements to what Venom is I've taught it already but how it's put together in a model where it repeats with a underlying premise why should it do this versus I'm going to look at a down closed candle and call it an owner block and when it touches it I'm going to buy it that's someone that has learned from Dollar Menu mentors that have never really learned what it is I teach they just learn the language the buzzword because it it sounds like they're intelligent but if they don't show you that they can do it beforehand explain it and then trade it they don't know what they're talking about and that's why you're going to see them show examples of Market replay as soon as someone's putting Market replay on there that's the person you don't follow you don't learn from someone that's doing that I I mean that sincerely and if you're someone's doing it let it be an encouragement to you to do better to not require that crutch because that's exactly what that is a person knows what they're doing they're not going to teach with the market replay they're going to teach with real live price delivery no safety net you put your opinion out there ahead of the marketplace this is what it should do this is what I believe it will do and this is how I'm going to engage it and then show it show it and if they're not willing to do that then they don't know what they're talking about I don't care how many ICT buzzwords they have in their vocabulary their video titles and whatever they want to plaster all over their uh charts there's so many people out there pretending to be ICT or SMC Traders and they're just frauds they have no idea what they're doing and they're rooking people or they're not even calling it by my vocabulary and they're Reinventing it and pretending that they discovered it somehow and they still won't trade live they still won't show you beforehand what is going to happen because it will unravel in front of everyone the illusion so everyone that's ever posted prior to April 3rd 2025 any mention or supposed Venom model they are grade aable spit yes you thought I was going to say a bad word didn't you the idea of uh imitation you know I don't see it as flattering I think it's disgusting because really what you're trying to do is you're trying to put yourself out there in front of the the McCoy and get some kind of notoriety when none is owed to you because you don't know what you're talking about so anyway I use this fair value Gap here with the pretense of everything I outline with the Venom model the market breaks lower from there zero draw down on the entry and then we have this inefficiency in here and the market trades up into that notice this big candle right here see that all the way up to the volume balance see that little separation between the bodies that open or that candle's higher than that close so that means you have to incorporate that as well so this is a buyid b sell of deficiency and if we're bearish and we trade down below it what does that make it an inversion fair value Gap and because of that and we were trading above the opening price see that above the opening Price Power Three okay not some garbage candle range Theory okay teu version this is how you're entering with smart money algorithmically the fact that we traded up above that opening price and inside this inefficiency well let's do this you can see the the Gap inversion fair value Gap and then my entry here and then it breaks down aggressively and I I highlighted this one it's a gap as well but I already had a rectangle over top of what I was showcasing and it breaks lower trades back up into fails to get the consequent encroachment this inversion fair value got which is weakness and we' trade down below the electronic trading hours which is pre-market hours sell side liquidity and there's the limit order getting filled there and then me doing the uh manual exit where I did not let my limit order which was uh below where I got out at and it actually it went about I don't know 10 almost 10 handles 15 handles uh more than where my limit order was and then turned around and came back up traded back up into the inversion fair value got this larger one notice the volume imbalances in here we're going to scrub over a little bit and you can see now that's the electronic trading hours it trades up into there and that shaded box is this inefficiency sell side B by side efficiency it tags the consequent encouragement of that as well all right looking at at the uh morning session again with that sell sign balance buy sign efficiency you can see it trades up in the consequent encouragement all that right there is just beautiful beautiful detail supporting the idea that's going to move lower all right let's move ahead a little bit in the the day at 11:30 I teach that that begins the New York Lunch Period which is a 2hour period so 11:30 Eastern Time to 1:30 p.m. eastern time that's shaded down here that's when you anticipate the lunch macro okay and what you're doing is and I've taught this before um you want to look at 10 o'cl here's 10 o'clock and at 10 o'cl start walking forward where's the high at that forms when you're bearish and it's going to come back and knock out those stops there it is right there so at 11:30 here the Market's going to start gravitating towards that high and it does in fact move higher uses the inversion fair value Gap now becoming reclaimed order block rallies up trades up into those volume imbalances and clears the buy side here so anyone that short on the day is not going to be allowed to take a ride below that low that formed in the morning session Market breaks lower trades through the Cy here breaks down fails to get into that Cy there that's weakness and we start using that Fairway Gap levels with those lines there and you're you asked me many times folks you asked for this information what do I have on my notepad it's all these levels I have all these levels as they form and I'm watching what price is doing in proximity to these levels okay and in the afternoon we have here at 1:30 I teach that that begins the opening range for the PM session so 1:30 in the afternoon to 2:00 that is your opening range for PM session what do you do with that information well I taught that the first presented fair value gap which is this one right here if you're bearish it's going to act as what inversion fair value Gap Market trades up into the old low here that's what we were aiming for that electronic trading hours low it trades off of that up into a sell sign balance buy efficiency or inversion fair value rather and it trades up into that fair value Gap there look at the body stopping right there and then breaks below that Gap so if I add that there see the volume balance you have to include that we trade down below it and then we wait for time where's the macro 250 to 310 trades up into look at the bodies you're expecting that and then the market breaks away way first Gap that forms after that there's your entry look at the bodies you're respecting it sell off and it takes out that morning session low there for your PM session trade beautiful delivery beautiful beautiful delivery and you can get a measurement on the bodies the high and the low the lowest closer open the highest closer open in that range that's what I'm measuring and you get that price down here 18, 6645 and ultimately you see it doesn't pack down to that and then we have the new day opening gap for today and the low that formed after the restart from 5:00 P P.M to 6 p.m break so that's it for today um it's a brief introduction to a very sophisticated very precise detail oriented model using things I've already taught but um if if anybody would have ever you know came out and said do this you know against me this is the model I would have been using and believe me it is absolutely devastating it's devastating it's so good when the the parameters appear uh I'm many times talking about the premise that I see using this model when I'm calling the levels in Telegram in other people's live streams and when it gets to those levels and it runs and does what I said it was going to do everybody in chat like whoa whoa whoa the thing now is when I show up other people's streams they're asking hey is ICT here and I'm not trying to be arrogant when I say that but they wouldn't ask that if they didn't watch me do it live in other people's streams and just like the Easter Bunny I go around I sprinkle eggs everywhere I put I put a little bit in this person's live stream just to make sure I'm seasoning the community that way everybody has a reference point where they watched me do it now it's also in front of witnesses that don't like me and they're forced to see that and that to me is fun okay I have a lot of new students this year and last year from me doing that very thing and that's why I do it I I force them to swallow that medicine it doesn't taste good but it's good for them it teaches humility and it teaches that hey they judged me incorrectly based on lies and smear ing campaigns that had no real basis of the truth so anyway a model is just simply taking components that I've already taught and put them in a context that makes sense why price should do certain things if you go in looking for simple order blocks or fair value gaps or any one of my PD arrays just on the basis of it should be a PD because you think it is you're going to fail I had paid students that tried to do that and they failed and they swore up and down the stuff didn't work and when I asked them show me what you've been doing they never would bring It Forward they would never say this is what I did this is watch it proves that they didn't do the work but anyone that was honest and have really put an attempt in learning how to do this they back test they Journal they they forward test they get the results because they've earned it you can't watch a video folks okay I promise you can't watch a video and just walk away thinking yeah I know how to do that now it doesn't work that way there's so many intricate details and things that you don't realize about yourself that's going to be in your way and you have to figure all that stuff out in the beginning and it's going to feel like wasting time it's going to feel like you're not learning a model that works and the person whether it be me or someone else that's using these Concepts it's they're a scammer they don't do this they that's you it's you deflecting because you're not doing enough and I'm sorry if it hurts your feelings it's not meant to hurt your feelings I'm not punching down at you but I'm literally telling you that you're the problem I was my own problem every student of mine that did not have success before if they're honest they'll always they'll always tell you they were doing things that they were not supposed to do and they were in their own way and until you get out of your own way it means make yourself teachable so many of you come to me and other people to learn and you're not really trying to learn you want a cherry pick you want to sample this like it's a buffet well I like this of this guy stuff I like this and that stuff you're not going to blend my stuff with anything else and make it better that's that that's the recipe everybody trying to use right now all yeah IC is carved out trailblaze this that thing so I'm going to take a little bit of this but I'm going to put in this and it's going to look like something new no it's not it's my stuff it's my stuff and if you succeed it's because my stuff works that's that's really what it is so stop trying to reinvent anything okay Papa ICT is laying it all down for free there's no reason for you to put a new sticker on it and try to sell it because no one's going to see it and it's valuable especially when the real macdaddy's doing it live in front of everybody proving it daily flawlessly you play Mortal Kombat Flawless Victory I'm pulling scorpion every single day fatalities and there ain't nobody can do anything about it so we're going to take a look at anas on a daily chart and closing you can see that we have this big wick here note that I have this set to off it would be blue if it was on so I'm showing this Candlestick right there and the consequent encroachment of that candle is 17,745 which you understand now why I'm looking for 17,750 why can it take out that low right here it can but what if it doesn't what if it have a deep retrace before it takes out that low that's why I'm using this consequent encouragement level all it has to do is bump that low and not take out that low and my target for the year or the first half of the year have would have been met but taking out this low here is first partial and that's what I'm looking at next if you found this insightful tonight hope you felt encouraged by watching you know everything I've shown so far this year and thank you all very much for your prayers and well-being wishes for my improved back it's getting there slowly but until I talk to you next time Lord willing be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ Futures Review \ 04/01/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BpG3Ee_kIc
================================================================================

Hello folks, welcome back. All right, so we're going to be looking at the Tuesday's price action for NASDAQ for April 1st, 2025. All right. So, here's the daily chart and I'll put the lipstick on that was pertinent to the recent downside in price action. That's called encroachment of the premium wick making the high. The draw was the volume imbalance on the daily chart. Market breaks down, attack the relative equal lows there and the relative equal lows there. And in true to form as I was expecting Friday, uh the limit order that was not able to be triggered on my short position to close it, uh that buy limit order was tripped at Sunday's opening and we were trading down below the projection I gave on the summary for uh back on Saturday. Here's a 15-minute time frame. Now, if you study my core content, uh the lessons on day trading and scalping, I walk through a lot of the uh preliminary things, the things that I look for, the things I have to reference. And a lot of folks say they study the core content, but I think they binge watch it like Netflix, and they don't take any notes. But what I'm using and what I've used today was right out of the core content of my mentorship uh lessons that I used to charge money for. They're right on my YouTube channel. Just do a YouTube search on my inner circle trader YouTube channel and look for uh the day trading modules and it's eight videos and it helps you break down what it is that I'm teaching predominantly here but just using the first presented fair value gap as the PD array. All right. So, you can take a look at the the low here. This was 9:00's low during Asia last night. So, it's my local Monday evening time, but it's all part of Tuesday's trading. And I apologize, you're going to hear my puppies trip trapping, but I I don't have the patience to edit and redo it. Also, this was yesterday's high inside of regular trading hours. So, regular trading hours high, that was where I got the 19,49.75 level and Asia's low at 9:00 or thereabouts. And that was where I got the 19,283.25 level. That's the levels I gave you in the Telegram channel before this morning's regular trading hours began at 9:30 Eastern time. Okay? So, I told you that those are the levels to be watching. Those are the things that the algorithm is going to be referring to and the market data pack dropped down into it and then sent it higher later on to tag it. Now notice inside this shaded area here. Now Trading Views recently added this. Admittedly I'm not a fan of it but here it accomplishes the method. So what it is is it's showing the the shaded area of electronic trading hours and then the resuming of regular trading hours. So regular trading hours is always 9:30 to 4:14, right before 4:15. So 4:15 p.m. Eastern time, regular trading hours close, but electronic trading hours pick up and continue on into the 5:00 p.m. close Eastern time, and then you have that 1 hour break, and we start trading again at 600 p.m. Eastern time. So, this high here, notice during the electronic trading hours ahead of 6:00 a.m. or so, it did in fact take that high out. Whenever that happens and then we trade back down lower, the opening bell at 9:30 trading hours, this is always going to be a high probability candidate to be revisited. Okay? So, think about what I put in the Telegram channel this morning. Then look at what we're showing here. Anything that happens in electronic trading hours should be confirmed in regular trading hours. There's a whole lot of significance placed on what happens after the opening bell at 9:30 Eastern time. So if a gap fills that was accomplished inside electronic trading hours but not in regular trading hours, regular trading hours, I'm going to be looking for that gap to be revisited. So even though it may happen in this portion of time, it doesn't matter as much as it does in regular trading hours. Okay? So um if you study your old data and look at your old price moves that you should be journaling, you'll see that this is a truism. It's not something that's contrived just because I had it used today and it was working. So sell side we had it defined and buy side we had defined. Okay. So let's go into the one minute chart. You can see here at 9:30 electronic trading hours shifts to regular trading hours and then we had the opening price there. So that is the opening range gap low and the opening range gap high is the previous settlement price at 4:14 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on a one minute chart. And then uh that's that's your opening range gap. Half of that is this red line here. That is the consequent encroachment level. And we didn't get a fair value gap form all the way until this candlestick right there. Okay. So that's the very first presented fair value gap. Notice it's on top of the opening range gap high. That's that level here 19,423 and a2. Now, I gave guidance this morning in the Telegram channel that as long as we are looking for um price below the opening range gap high at 11, I'm sorry, at 10:00 a.m. Eastern time. Why 10:00 a.m. Eastern time? 10:00 a.m. Eastern time is where we had all of those reports that were due out to release data for PMI and whatever. I can't remember off the top of it was, but uh there were several reports that were coming out at the 10:00 hour Eastern time on Tuesday, April 1st, 2025. So, as mentioned that that would be the real move that would start the opening range and utilize the first fair value gap. So, as you can see at 10:00 here, we were below the opening range gap high. Okay. So that means while we can spike up into the first percent gap in blue as price went up there and jumped. tried to time out on a market order and I got it filled just below, but you can see it when it was executed. You'll I will the recording here in a second show it to you, but uh I was trying to time it as it punched up into that and several of you have already sent me comments in YouTube on another video and or you're commenting on X to me, why is I so confident to enter ahead of 10:00 news? Because all the things that have been shown here, we had a short-term high taken out. We rallied above, in other words, we sat above price action being about this high and above the opening range gap high, which was yesterday, Monday's 4:14 p.m. Eastern time closing price. So, it just felt like they were keeping it up there and knocked out anyone that was short that would have made money going down into Asia's low. So, the market trades up. Look at the bodies telling the narrative there. You see that? I teach that the wicks are allowed to do the damage. They can color outside the lines, but the bodies were telling me, "Okay, yeah, I'm on side. I'm right. So, I'm going to look for price to start gravitating lower. Now, if I would have been stopped out here, I would have used consequent encroachment of the opening range gap, which is this level here, and I would have went short on a retest of that." So words we see it leave the opening range gap. This is the low of it. That black line it leaves it after 10:00 news hits comes back up hits the consequent encroachment level which is classic. It's being treated the same way I teach with an inversion fair value gap. When we have a narrative and we're expecting price to deliver a certain way and start spooling the PD race will be respected just like this. That's the signature you're looking for. Smart money follows that. Okay. That type of thing. Okay. just just understand that that's the closest thing I can say to it. Then what I can't show outside of the charts because it's really not in the charts that's causing like these things aren't making price do it but it's the language I created to facilitate an understanding of when price will start moving algorithmically by time first then by price running to a draw in liquidity or inefficiency. And that's primarily all you're going to see in in price action unless it's manipulation. So the market breaks down lower. We get a fair value gap here. Why is that important? Because it's the first one after moving away from the consequent encroachment level. So we want to see this act as in some ways a measuring gap. And if you look at essentially the high down to that low, take that range and duplicate it from here down to the low and you'll get the same range. Okay? Okay, so it's like a measured move idea, but this is the gap I said that price should keep NQ lower than this uh this fair value gap. So this very very fair value gap, excuse me, was the the one I initially talked about and the only one I mentioned outside of the first fair value gap that price should stay lower than that and it should keep price lower. So, it offered a premium characteristic allowing price to touch it and trade lower. And this line right here, the 19,4 I'm sorry, 19,345.2, excuse me, 19,345.75 level is the old daily low. Okay, the very one I was aiming for after we traded higher into that volume of bounce. I told you it would run to. I have it here just for like a higher time frame reference point because it respected it here. But I mentioned that we would go down here which is Asia's low and the market did in fact trade down in there. Got a little busy in here and it finally came down and gave me my target and went a little bit lower. And then the sharp reaction off of that is this one of those beautiful things where we get to see the market draw right back up into the counter key level which was Monday's high being delivered during regular trading hours not during the electronic trading hours over here but regular trading hours and you can see that actually happened as well there and both trades that I used both the sellside draw and the buy side draw I heat off of the first part of Feb. I got first one going down and then going higher. Now, these are intraday scalps. If I were to use a day trading model, I could have done the very same thing by shorting it here and then went long on a reversal below that 19,283 and a quarter or used this buy side balance sell side efficiency with a breaker. So we have high I'm sorry low high lower low fair value gap got buy sign balance sell side and efficiency couple that together institutional order flow entry drill you can get long there now I understand if you're new to me or you haven't really watched my my work haven't spent time with me especially in the telegram channel where I'm calling all this stuff live before it happens when I talk about things like this over a static chart it sounds like Well, obviously hindsight makes it easy. Anybody can do what you're doing, but I think I earned the right to do this now, you know, and anyone that says otherwise is just not they're just not worth my time spending and replying to. But a rally from here back up above that 19,345.75 level. That's the old daily low. That rally from here sends us up into the opening range gap again. Here's the low. This is the consequent encroachment level. And in the high of it, it trades to it and through it and comes right back down, touches what the midpoint or consequent encroachment of the opening range gap. It is now favorable to go long there. I was watching live streamers and I I was not interested in taking another trade, but when it got up into here, I was like, well, you know, I'm going to I'm going to take it and I'm going to try to get in there during the uh first value got and the market trades outside of it. comes back down in again here. I wanted to add but I said this is enough and then targeted that Monday's high and trades right up into it beautifully. It actually trades higher and while I wasn't all that interested in following through with it, I was just giving what I've been promising I would do this year would be simply going in finding surgical strikes and price action based on the things I've already taught. I'm not reteaching anything. I'm not adding new lessons. I'm simply just using the m material and the and the motives behind what to use and what to reach for. I'm I'm just doing. Okay? And a lot of you asked for this for many years for me to just simply get on here and just do it. Call it out live and then trade it. And that's what I'm doing. So for the folks that don't feel like I'm teaching, it's because I already taught it. It's all on my YouTube channel. 2024 mentorship, 2022 mentorship, the the the core content lessons from my paid mentorship, which I gave and gifted to the community for free. That's a lot of information in there. And you can see clearly that it still works. But a day trader model where you're trading daily range would be going long down here after taking Asia's low. And you will learn that if you go through the core content. It's exactly what I'm teaching in that at paid mentorship uh material. And here's the examples of my entry showing the executions. There you go. There taking partial, take another partial, take another partial, and then finally limiting out and then buying here on the run higher. Let me switch that over there. So there's my entry at uh 19,430 inside of the first I got and then it drops back down in that could have been a entry there for your um silver bullet during the 10:00 hour. There's always one every single day. Every single 10:00 to 11:00 hour. There's always every single day without fail. It always it will always always be there. But you have to have key reference levels to know where it's likely to draw to and where it's likely to draw from. That's all painting a narrative and building not just simply a bias but understanding how it's going to fulfill that idea. And then it trades up into the 19,490.25 level which is just above the price that Monday's high was. So let me show you the video where I actually executed it. I just ask you in advance to forgive me for not up updating the the location of the 15-second chart on the right hand side. You'll see it pan out when the chart's moving. At the time, I'm capturing certain things on my phone because I only want to put my images from my phone on Telegram. So, I'm not I'm not hooking my laptop up to uh Telegram. I don't I don't let anything sync to my ISP. I have a a separate ISP that I don't use for YouTube. I don't use for anything. I don't ever email from it. And it's just a way for me to keep things secure. So my my phone will have images from Trading View captured from a phone perspective only. But you can see all these things match and everything's called out beforehand. But let's take a look at the uh recording of the execution. Right. So, we're we're trading just below the opening range and inside that first presented fair value gap. I went short there. My stop loss is based on this high right here. I don't believe it's going to go up there. And if it were, I would use this level, as I mentioned earlier, to get short once it trades below it and outside of the opening range gap below. So, I know I'm I'm pretty solid now because we had one little bump above this candlestick's high. Didn't touch this one. So, it's another example of random stop placement. So, we we're going to look for a close outside of the opening range gap low. There we got it. Now, I gave a level at 19,314.25 where that level came from. It's basically my event horizon concept applied to Asian range um low at 9:00 and then the um old daily lows on the daily chart we aimed for from the volume imbalance and half of that is this level here. So we take it right back up into consequent encroachment again. I wanted to add here but I was like no this this is enough and I want to see it get heavy in here. We left the sell side below here. So we have minor 19,340 sellside draw to 19,314.25. Now that's your last chance right there. If you weren't short that this is where you think you're uh you're short now because it's doing that last chance to get in there. That's when I move my stop to cover cost. Because if it does rally from here, I'm absolutely going to be wrong. And it probably would have taken out the high of Monday and then traded down to here. So either one of those levels, it would have been first and then the second would be the other level. So we break lower again, took out the old daily low at 19,345.75. They held price in here a lot. And then we have a fairway gap here. I mentioned that we want to see that price right there hold price down. In other words, we don't want to see a trade back up in the opening range gap below. So, I took a partial there because it's below that block of candlesticks and below the 345.75 level by one tick, but still enough. And it's testing that old daily low. And watch that fair value gap right in here. I don't have it shaded because I'm doing too many things at one time, but I called that out in the Telegram channel. So, we tagged it one more time in here. So, now we really want to see it become real heavy here. Heavy means we want to see price show a reluctance to want to go higher, but make it real easy for it to go lower. And that's what you're seeing here. And I'll be interested to take a partial off again as price is breaking below the lows here. So, there's me taking another partial. So, I have two contracts left. The stock's been lowered below the consequent encroachment. And as we get lower, if we take out this low in here, I'll take another partial. That's where I was talking about. I I wasn't paying any attention to this chart over here. I wanted you to be able to see everything via a 15-second chart so you can see the order flow, everything there, too. But doing too many things is what happens. And there's a partial again. and I lowered the stop right above the high of that fair value gap because if it's now going to trade back to it, it's it's going to go higher. So, I would want to be out of that. I'm just submitting to time and letting price do what it needs to do. I stated that I'm allowing it to be a little dirty in here, which is what it's doing here. And I'm sure that probably made some of you nervous. You can see nothing changes here on my end. And then that's the consequent encouragement of the wicks is what I I send inside of the telegram channel. You can match this up with the minutes. You can follow the minutes here in the right hand corner and see when I posted what I posted everything before the fact and you'll see the uh the effects of it. questions all the time. What am I showing up here when I do this app here where it says market open? I want you to focus on the minutes changing, proving that it's not market replay because you can't do that with market replay. You would be surprised how many people leave comments saying my examples are in market replay. And there's my 9 limit order being filled. Okay, so getting short near the high of the run and exiting in the low and then ultimately it does start trading higher. It takes out the high and goes to the Monday high as I mentioned in the telegram channel. All right. So, that's that. And I want you to think about what I showed today, what I've been showing for the entirety of this year. Um, I'm going to do far less real time commentary, and I want to focus on the the few lessons that I had that I wanted to teach this year. I want I want to use my energy and time to get through them because I promised I'd have a couple of them and I've not been able to do so. My back's been hurting me a lot. So, it's very hard for me to find time when I'm feeling well to sit in front of the computer. Like right now, I'm standing in front of it, but I'm leaning over in a way that it's you would physically you would see I'm in physical pain if you were just looking at me. And I'm very uncomfortable. So, I'm trying to do what I can and once I complete them, I don't know how much more I'm going to put out for the rest of the year. So, hopefully this is going to be, you know, enough to you get you going and and show you that this stuff does in fact work and it's worth your time and investing in learning it. But don't expect it to be very quick for you. It never ever happens like that. It didn't happen for me and it won't happen for you. So, if you keep your expectations low in that regard, you won't be disappointed. It'll be something you've expected going in. So again, hopefully this was insightful. Hopefully it was helpful. Until talk to you next time, Lord willing, be safe.


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - Weekly Option Strategy Intro \ 03/28/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCKZXKd8pN8
================================================================================

m folks welcome back so we're going to be looking at the summary of weekending March 28th 2025 I'm not going to do every day obviously because I do what I do on X and on the telegram Channel but the uh NASDAQ if you take a look at this this is our June 2025 daily Shar for Nasdaq futures and if you recall watching last week's weekly summary video If you haven't watched that it's beneficial for you to go watch that first before watching this one so if you look at the daily chart we mentioned that this area right in here we thought that we could cre TR up into that here and then reject that and trade back down and reach for this low now I was incorrect in the sense that I was off by a couple handles because it didn't get to that low but overall it was pretty good close enough for government work so let's kind of like break this down a little bit inside of all these wicks in here I mentioned this in the telegram Channel um when you're looking at Price action at doing things like this and have traded below it but we're still remaining bearish what I like to look for is inside that area of long legged Shadows or tails on the candlesticks now above the high of the candle that's usually called Wick but down below it Tails Shadows whatever you want to call it but when the market trades lower and I'm bearish I like to I like to know where the consequent encroachment is on the longest of the Wicks if there's multiple wicks in here or in this case Tails that's this one here so if you look at that range from the open down to the low of it half of that's consequent encroachment if you note that and draw that out in time you'll see that that's pretty much as far as the Market's going to trade to now if you don't know this concept that I've been teaching for a while now uh it's something that you should go back and look at your charts find it in hindsight collect lots of examples of it and you'll start seeing the foundation to my gray Poole areas where it's a PD that's using the Wix themselves and two or more consequent encroachment levels would constitute a gray pole so while that's not the case here it's just simply a consequent encroachment mid uh take or shadow of this longest legged handles sticks formation here with that below the opening price it's above that volume imbalance that I mentioned last Saturday before we would get to that premium Wick consequent encroachment now why am I calling it a premium Wick cons encroachment because the Market's down here and trading up to it on Tuesday Wednesday then falls out of bed and aims towards that low I mentioned that we would likely do after getting up into that area Okay so the initial draw was this volume imbalance but because the market is volatile and it can trade through it it trades to it and to the consequent encroachment of this long-legged Candlestick dogey type formation underneath it in this area in here I want to talk a little bit about options now it's going to be a soft roll out in this conversation because this is going it's going to be a very short video and in the past you've heard me say things like that and I end up going for a long long time as of right now I'm not in the uh not able to do that so we'll we'll have to just do the small videos and be content with that still but the the run up into this volume IM balance and as much as that premium Wick consequent encouragment if we were to anticipate that very run down here now I hope I can talk like this now because I outlined it before it happened so last Saturday I mentioned that we would draw up here and then reject and trade lower to go back below this low that remains to be seen if it happens on Sunday's opening trading into Monday res action but assuming that this was something that you wanted to navigate there are things that we can do that are outside the Futures market and the cfd market and it involves the options market so one of the things I like doing and what I used to do as a younger man was look for weekly option plays and that means that if I can predict real close it doesn't have to be perfect but this was the number one reason why I was wanting to know what the weekly High and the weekly low would likely be cuz I could take an opportunity and trade options with it now originally when I first started I was interested in buying very very cheap undervalued options and hopefully see them balloon up in profit and I found out quickly that I wasn't that good at that and my very first trade and many of you that's been following me for a long time know that my very first trade was a losing trade where I lost half of the amount of money I put up for the premium of an orange juice option I spent $1,500 and overnight I lost to $750 a little bit more than $750 and that was a very jarring event for me CU back then you know as a 20-year-old you know $750 I wasn't even making that in a week gross before taxes taken out so it's uh it was something that hurt me but eventually I started thinking to myself somebody made that $750 and they made it overnight so what were they doing well they were writing the option that I purchased so I was was going in and buying an outright long option and then the market itself said no you're wrong the very next day Market opened up and the option value fell out of bed to the tuna 50% or more so the the option writer the person that was on the other side of the transaction that sold the option for me to purchase they were able to collect a premium increase in their equity on the trade but the value of the option diminished so they are basically they were shorting the position that I purchased the long option on said in a different way in simpler terms let's assume for a moment that you felt that the NASDAQ futures should go to this area and then trade lower you could trade the SP SPX option market and I know a lot of you like to trade the spy uh but the SP SPX is actually a little bit better you have a lot more options in terms of uh the strike prices and what a strike price is is you the the determination of what value the option is going to be based on so for instance um if we were looking at the market likely trading up into this area and then becoming bearish the rest of the week we could look to sell call options above this area here now I'm not suggesting that we're going to do this with Nasdaq futures options I'm suggesting that if you're interested in this and I'm only going to spend a couple weeks on it because I don't think that it's for everyone but I have mentioned in the past where I will cover how I used to do it when I was a younger man um you can take a small account and parlay it up over time to a point where you could carve out your own living with it and never do a whole lot of Trades you're looking for one really good setup per week and you're holding the trade for about a week or so and then you're getting out you're not trying to get rich on every single trade you're not trying to make your options go 5 6 700% increase all the time you're just trying to double your money maybe get a double if you're lucky get a triple um but you don't even need to have that sometimes if you just get a single you know one for one you know that's in in itself many times would potentially more than you're probably earning at your job so I kind of like want to toss this out there and I want you to think about how when we're looking at these highed time frame daily moves when when we're spending time on these time frames when there is a likely intermediate term or long-term uh higher low forming uh that that presents this very opportunity where we can sell the option now let me make sure you understand this clearly because the writer of the option has a whole lot more risk than the purchaser of the option so for instance let's say that you were going to and let's say this is the U SPX Market the the cash market for S&P the idea would be that you're trying to pick a strike price above where you think the Market's going to turn and start trading lower now ideally if the premiums like the um put the call ratio and options uh tools that suggest when there's an overvaluation or an undervaluation and I'll talk a little bit about that when we get into it next week a little bit more detail but for now I want you to think about how you might be interested in seeing the opportunity of selling call options now a call option is the the right but you're not obligated to buy the underlying and that means if you're selling call options on SPX what you're saying is uh you're you're given the opportunity for someone that wants to buy a long call option and if they buy it and it goes up they potentially have the right to exercise that and purchase it but they're not obligated to exercise Siz option but they have a limited risk meaning that whatever they paid for the the option itself that's the the most plus the commission costs that's the that's the most they could ever lose on the transaction you on the other hand don't have that protection you have a little bit different risk Paradigm there so I want you to think about how there is absolutely inherent risk to this but when the Market's pred supposed to go higher or lower on an intermediate term basis what do you think that purchasers of call options above these highs on Tuesday and Wednesday of this week that just passed how do you think they feel right now when we're just sitting way down here their call options are becoming cheaper they're getting less likely to be profitable and with the the effects of like Theta and time Decay it could really be diminishing over the course of just a few days so with that I want you to take a look at how the market has traded on a weekly and daily chart and you're framing these types of setups on those two time frames so it's very very high higher time frame oriented for people that have jobs that have a whole lot of U affinity for wanting to to learn how to trade don't have a lot of money but they don't have the ability or time or the the luxury to go into intraday trading like I teach primarily a higher time frame workingclass hero type approach uh this is kind of like what I was trying to to do because I was killing myself as a young man um working and trying to do this while I was driving around and taking great deals of risk uh you not paying attention what I was doing driving because I'm looking at a little handheld device that was telling me realtime prices for the commodity markets I was trading so I was entertaining ideas that would lend an alternative to Simply being in there and trying to catch short-term trades because I wanted to be like Larry Williams and be a short-term Trader he was my hero he was the uh the biggest influence I had in in trading initially and he inspired me to want to do what he was doing and until I got good at short-term trading um I had a lot of adversities so I started system hopping and and changing strategies and one of the things that I learned that uh there was a guy back in the day called uh don Fishback and he had a odds 90% odds course on options and of course I went to Traders Library out in Columbia Maryland and you know every two three weeks I'd save up money and get some kind of books or or you know VCR tapes back then and try to you know learn more about the markets and whatnot basically wasting my money because I was I was chasing all kinds of things that just don't work but his course on options trading really inspired me to try to think about how I could do that on a short-term trading basis with weekly opportunities because I knew enough to know that on a daily chart the moves that would transpire over the the the full week of Monday to Friday's trading many times offered opportunities where if I was accurate in the direction on the weekly chart where it was going to go and if it was going to spend five days or so moving away from the extreme of that Weekly range in this case it'll say that we knew that it was likely to go up to this area and we felt comfortable assuming the risk on the market going lower and not going any higher and again please permit me to say it like that because I did in fact call this last week so it's not like I'm hypothetically saying anything here I'm stating that if you believe that you're going to have this skill set in the future as well you could write options now the option writer is the person that is taking the option itself to the market and saying okay here's here's what I'm willing to take the other side of and when there's a buyer of that strike price of that instrument on that very vehicle that you're trading under and we're going to be looking at uh SPX options is what we're looking at the the joining of those two parties the buyer and the writer the writer he or she collects the premium paid it immediately upon the transaction so let's say for instance that you felt that and then say this this daily chart was not NASDAQ but SPX the cash market for S&P if that were the case and let's assume from moment that the options Above This High here for SPX say that the options were valued at I don't know I'm just going to give you a ballpark number and it may or may not have been accurate but let's just say it's $500 okay per option based on a strike price higher than that high now I know some of you guys are already options Traders and you're probably listening to me talk about this and you're thinking well you need to tell them this you need to tell them that there's a lot of you in here that are new don't have any idea about what options trading is I'm just giving you the underlying premise to what I was doing as a younger man okay so you could collect the immediate premium paid by the option buyer so there's people out there that saw it running up like that got excited and maybe thought wow you know it's going to keep going higher so they buy call options now if you're picking a strike price on an option and a strike price they say say this is where we were trading at on Tuesday and Wednesday of the week you could have the 600 level that would be a ver an example of like a strike price okay and it's usually in SPX it's every five handles so the next one would be below it would be um 5.95 and then 590 and then 585 but basing it on um SPX not nas St and I know some of you are thinking well you should be showing this on an SPS chart I don't want to be doing too many things in this uh review I'm I'm woring out I'm uncomfortable and I'm trying to get through it as best I can but if you were to sell those options by writing them this is what you're doing you're you're the underwriter of the option basically so the premium paid by the the buyer of that call option you get that immediately deposited into your account now if you're wrong that quickly evaporates okay you could you could see very very harsh uh debits to your account balance if you're really wrong and you're selling a lot of options but premise is you're trying to do one okay you're going to start with everything in every Endeavor you're going to start with just one so what you're looking for is an opportunity each week to sell one option whether a call option or a put option A call option is the right to own and purchase the underlying instrument but you're not obligated to buy it so you can walk away and whatever you paid for the option and plus commissions that's your total investment you cannot lose any more than that it's very intriguing it's very enticing for people uh to want to do that when you're purchasing long puts and long calls and a put option is the opposite of a call it means that you're to profit if the market does in fact drop lower than your strike price now the easy way to remember is call up put down okay so if you're bullish on the market you can be buying an a long call but if you are able to look at the marketplace and time when the market is no longer likely to be short-term bullish like we had on Tuesday and Wednesday call options were getting real interesting to Street money retail Traders they want to see a continuation on the upside you see the people on CNBC you read all the headlines and baron Wall Street Journal uh Investors Business Daily and you read the article Headlines by people that are in the indry saying we're at a trade we're at a tradeable low and we can come back into 50 to 75% of this price run lower so when the public sees that because they subscribed to the magazines they subscribed to the the newspapers and whatnot uh they feel like they're informed so yeah they're going to go in there and say well it's been going up so let me go and buy some call options on the market at the time when we as smart money investors we're looking at the market timing it with things that are not retail oriented so when we're looking at the market like to go up here like we mentioned last Saturday just to go lower we can wait for the market to get to that extreme when retail will be absolutely bullish and they will be interested in buying Co options but as a younger man I would be interested in selling or writing call options to the marketplace so that way I could collect the immediate premium by the buyers of the call option now they have limited risk I don't have the same um benefits of that like I could lose more than I made on the premium like it could be worse okay it could be really bad so what you're doing essentially is you're collecting premium by writing the option and then as the market moves in your favor and against the underlying direction that would profit that call option their premium that they paid will diminish which means that you get to keep it and then eventually at some point when you're comfortable and you're able to do so uh you you exercise your side of the option by getting out of it so you're exiting the the the trade you you have to buy one okay so knowing this isn't going to be for everybody I'm not going to spend a whole lot of time with it so every Friday for the next two weeks um I'll talk about this as a strategy and how to how to build an idea on how you might want to implement it I'm not going to do a Soup To Nuts do this do this do this you know step by step by step there's a lot better resources out there than I would ever be in terms of options trading uh all of the Greeks if you want to get nuts about it um I I I try not to do all that and in the beginning as a younger man I got really bogged down with wanting to know everything about every Greek and Greeks like the uh the gamma Theta um all those things that are the Delta all these things are uh components to make up the pricing and the valuation of an option so uh for those that are very astute and academic you can obviously spend a whole lot more time than I'm willing to invest in in talking about it but what I'm primarily introducing is an idea a strategy that may or may not fit you and because it may not fit most of you I'm not going to try to you drive it down your throat like I would be like a inversion fair value Gap or um an order block or you know model 2022 or that there's an algorithm okay I'm just Loosely presenting something so that way if you want to pursue it there's really wonderful resources out there and then two Fridays from now I I'll give you my opinion of the option resources that I think that are viable um if you are going to purchase anything I don't get anything from it they're just like books or resources that we can go look at it but uh the I felt were we're good and invariably what will happen is is people that are more astute with trading options um in our community they'll speak up and they'll say well this is this is what I use or this is how I do it and you might get some kind of a conversation going on with the other members in our community on X and then you know that might lead to something in the future for you or it's just a a departure from what you're used to seeing here and this is something to break up the monotony of the standard ICT Conversation Pieces so anyway I want to talk about uh how we traded up on Monday into that volume in bounds and then Tuesday we traded higher into the consequent cor of that Wick and then we broke lower on Wednesday drawing right back down into this volume in bounds now because the market is predisposed to go lower we we framed it with it likely being bearish even if it trades back up into this area we wanted to see it rejected I think this would meet and and agree with anyone's definition of rejecting I went higher and quickly see the see the time amount of candles it took for it to get there and then how fast it moved away that indicates extreme weakness now because it's up here and it's likely to draw down to that low how can we trade that and not needed to go to that low and lower yet because as you saw on Friday I have a short position that was only uh two ticks away from being filled or potentially filled uh getting out it would have been the low of the day but uh I was two ticks away from the daily low on Friday and uh right now I'm over the weekend holding short um for contracts so my expect ation is that because we went so hard on Friday lower we were likely to Gap lower than this low here that's what I'm anticipating now if we don't Gap lower and we open a little bit higher I'll look for it to trade down and then make another attempt to get below that low worst case scenario you know it reverses on me and then after a day or two then it goes lower that's in my opinion less likely but it's always potenti potentially there because I don't do a lot of holding over the weekend but in this instance because it's it was so likely to get down there on Friday and I'll talk a little bit about after 4:00 p.m. in a moment but because it's shown its willingness to be so heavy and really no interest in going higher and it quickly repelled that level up here this volume IM balance I would have never expected to create some short-term lad to trade back up why we're weak we're likely to take out that low here we have relative equal lows that's going to be a real quick draw and then look at this single candle here and then we had this big down candle here this is a balanced price range so it's not likely after creating this candle here it's not likely to trade back up in this area and treat that as a fair value Gap it's likely it's just continue going lower and going lower it did and then felt just short of getting rate below that low now these levels down here probably looking at them wondering what they are what I've done was I put a Fibonacci on the highest bodies and lowest body and had projections ran okay and you you know what those projections are but the uh if we get below here this is the minimum expectation I expect to see and this is um kind of like the the perfect scenario for for swing trading that would be a perfect level for me to be content with if it was to trade down there now I'm not going to hold my position that long because of the Market's volatility because of all the uh saber rattling you know the issues with Canada the tariffs all kinds of things are going on I don't want to hold and to be honest with you you know I don't feel all that comfortable holding over the weekend you know but I I I felt inclined to do so because I felt you it's not a lot of risk for contracts isn't a terrible amount of leverage and it's in my opinion likely to this Gap lower than that low okay and whatever the first print will be on Sunday if it's lower than that then I would expect to see that's where my fill would be and then it would be better than what I had my limit order set at on Friday so let's break this down a little bit further here's an hourly chart you can see we traded up into that premium Wick consequent encouragement on the daily chart then we had a lot of displacement lower we opened on this candle came right back up to that original draw on liquidity which was that volume and balance okay so I only gave you two PD Rays on that daily chart so you can track and maintain your um awareness or keep your bearings and and where we're at in price relative to the daily chart all the way over here we see those relative equal lows that I mentioned on the daily chart there sells High below that and then we had another one here on the hourly chart you can see real clear now I've made them um slightly faded so that way you can see that you we did trade to it but this is the one that's active now okay so this was the volume IM balance on the daily chart that once we moved away from it would draw down into that notice how we did that very thing here to consequent encroachment which I'm not going to measure and you can do that on your own chart and we trade right back up into this inefficiency right here see that now it trades outside of a little bit there into an area that's a balanced price range so this candle's open to its high and this candle before it all that price action back and forthes it stops and goes the other direction we have the market trade back down and then once we get down below the midpoint this area here it has difficulty doing what going any higher it breaks lower then we have this sell side and balance by side and efficiency trades up into it there and then it's off to the race as we go go go go and then sell side taken once we took out these lows it had a lot of heaviness meaning that it was more likely to continue lower than any consideration of a retracement there's no need for to go there it's in a hurry to get somewhere where is that these old daily lows here so so if we look at how we traded and got right to the close it was so close I felt that we were going to at least give me my feel but it denied me and that's sometimes what's going to happen will drop down into a um early chart same time frame but we're breaking the days up with vertical lines showing you Mondays Tuesdays Wednesdays Thursdays Friday's trading notice how we had essentially a market maker sell model okay original consolidation smart money reversal low risk cell distribution redistribution and then the second leg is the most aggressive through the downside 15 minute time frame here's that blue volume IM balance and now because we went below it and we're bearish and we're aiming for this low down here and that original relative equal lows on the daily chart we're going to divide that range up here in quadrants and now it's going to act as an inversion fair value Gap okay so once we leave the upper half and come outside on a closing basis notice we don't have a closing basis there it trades outside of it that's just like a I call that a mohawk it's just like coloring outside the line like you have if you have a child and they color a picture for you and they show here you go Mommy here you go daddy you're not going to look at your child and say look at you you fool you didn't even stay inside the line you're not going to do that it's a treasure to you well this coloring Outside the Lines is permissible we we anticipate those types of things happening but when it does close outside of it we're then going to watch does it return back inside of it and does the lower half maintain price and does it stay outside the upper half as you can see that in fact is what we have and then we leave it here we have displacement this first fair value Gap this is exactly how I teach my inversion fair value Gap okay this is the easiest application to an inversion fair value Gap from ICT that first fair value Gap that forms after breaking away validating the inversion fair value Gap once that forms getting up into it there perfect that's exactly what you're looking for and you place a stop just above consequent cachent that would be your underlying risk now that might be incredible in terms of uh risk for you well that's unfortunate because there are micros and a lot of you don't want to touch a micro because you think that that's somehow like a u Size Matters type thing like you know you have to only do a mini contract or you're not a real man you're not a real professional Trader unless you're using minis if you use a micro you're somehow substandard no you use the micro to facilitate the trade and you manage risk impeccably that's that's what the micro is there for it's not a uh a distinguishing uh vehicle between the pros and the neophytes or novice Traders you I have students that are doing very very well and they're doing it just with micros and they don't ever touch a mini ever and they don't have a job that's all they do so for the people that are very opin chances are they're working at Jiffy while they're talking like that so the fair value get their forms after the validation of the inversion fair value Gap that's when you want to start your your position and then any opportunity you can add to it uh you can do that so the market does in fact break lower it trades down to the first relative equal lows on the daily chart there sell side there and it consolidates a little bit then comes and breaks lower again immediate rebound breaks lower and and d right into almost filling me on Friday and almost taking out that old low on the daily chart here's a one minute chart here and I kind of like want to talk about I got a lot of questions asking me how did I trust that the market was going to make this type of move here after uh the 4:00 ver trading hours close at 4:14 usually if you're a prop firm Trader and you're using these monetized demo accounts these ideas of uh trading past 4:00 I I believe I'm not sure if it's still true but I believe at least one of the companies were the rules you had to be out by 4:00 eastern time and if I'm incorrect please in the comment section correct me because I I would like to know if I'm wrong but um I think the rules are you have to be out by four o'clock and that's true you never get these types of movements here which in this case because we're so close to that old daily low when everything's bearish the Market's going to wait until 4:00 close and that Bell starts ringing but then you have 15 minutes of settlement still and then during those 15 minutes you you get to uh 414 right when the new one minute candle would open up that that's the closing bell you're you're done rular trading hours closes but electronic trading hours are still going until 5:00 so you have 45 minutes still trading and then you have that hour break until 6 p.m. eastern time when the Market's really disposed predisposed rather to uh to move lower uh many times it'll have this little bit of a Judas swing going into the 4:00 hour and then after 4:00 it really starts to accelerate into a Target higher or lower so it kind of it acts like a market on close algorithm where it knows that the majority of individuals are not participating right now they're if they're day trading they got out uh they're they're too afraid to hold over because you usually it gets real quiet and and listless it doesn't give you a whole lot of price movement but when it's so close to Old deal low like that and we're in a very bearish Market Friday this is when I'm anticipating at type of run so I'm going to hold on to it as long as I can even if it's the last minute cuz I've done this before where I got basically the low of the day and I was aiming for that very thing on Friday and it just simply didn't give it to me and it's okay but these levels here you can see them on the FIB if you put them on that you're looking at it over the the view of the the highest Wick down to that lowest Wick and that projection lower that's 0.5 then you have -1 and then negative 1.5 this is where I believe that we're going to open at or below that's what I think we're going to aim for on Sunday's opening it's a guess it's it's not scientific it's just a hunch it's just experience speaking and I'm probably wrong so don't hold me to it not that you can do anything with it anyway you can't position yourself ahead of su's opening but that's what I believe is going to happen but I kind of like wanted to talk a little bit about that here because I know that most of you are probably prop firm Traders and you probably won't be able to participate in some of these things and when there's earning weeks uh you'll never catch these types of continuations either and usually that's out happens as well but uh I think that's going to be it for this one I'm kind of worn out and I'll catch up with you Lord willing on Monday until then enjoy your weekend and be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - Algorithmic Timing & Journaling \ 03/22/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4phBVDs2d4
================================================================================

all right folks welcome back all right so this is a weekly summary as of week ending March 21st 2025 and at the end of the the lecture and review I'll do a little bit of a a shotgun Saturday so I'm kind of blending everything together my goal is once I'm back to normal with my health if I can get it there uh the weekend will have something like this each Saturday and if my schedule doesn't permit it Saturday then it'll be Sunday or maybe earlier on Friday evening but this is kind of like where I review basically the the week u i will talk about things that are in my opinion encouragement and also teach something that's Salient for that week what was useful how did I use certain things uh whether it be I show it in t for the free students that are in there watching me call the market and trade and then or if I share an example you know after the fact in other words if it's something that I've done with a a family member you know or my son that I I worked with him or worked with like presently this past week I worked with my niece trying to teach her how to build a model and use what I'm basically doing in 2025 in front of all of you but uh I can keep going on and on with a big long monologue and I don't want to do that but I just kind of like want to thank you for your patience because you probably noticed I have not been putting on videos a lot and I haven't been feeling well so as soon as I can get myself back to a point of I guess Wellness to be able to do it I'm in a lot of pain every day so that's that's what's preventing me and I'm going to try to get through this one with a lot of probably edits that you won't be aware of but there will be lots of of them because of the pain and you discomfort that I'm feeling while I'm going through it all right so we're looking at the week ending March 21st 2025 and we're focusing only on Nasdaq all right so this is a weekly chart and I'm showing the continuous chart on trading View and if you pull up NQ just put that in the search Tab and then click on the NASDAQ futures it'll give you the top option which is the continuous chart so that's what we're showing here and I'm going to contrast that with the actual contract month for delivery June 2025 but this is the weekly continuation or continuous chart rather and this is the actual Futures Contract for June delivery 2025 and I want to spend a little bit of time here not long just a couple minutes and then we're going to focus on um what the NASDAQ did on Friday and how it worked inside of the range for the week and I'm going to teach you something that is algorithmic around the opening range okay so we're looking at the daily chart here and the only thing I really want to bring your attention to first and foremost is I don't know what the opening price is going to be on Sunday nobody does and since no one knows what that is we all have to submit to that and wait when that opening price is delivered on Sunday at 6 p.m. eastern time then we could start worrying about what may or may not happen for the week okay so um the analysis that I do on the weekend whether it be Friday evening after the market closes and my family goes to sleep and I'm up or if it's during Saturday when I have the opportunity to do so and as you know I I posted on X that I'd be posting this video up on my YouTube channel by 2 p.m and real life got in the way and my wife pulled my intention away from it so it had to be a little bit later so if everything goes well this should be up at 400 p.m. eastern time Saturday March 22nd 2025 let's let's hope so right so because I don't know what the opening price is on Sunday I'm going to give you what I believe is likely to occur this is I'm personally looking for and I'm also going to give you the things that would be contrary because I don't know what Sunday's opening price is going to be and it may change what I'm going to share here and it's been like that ever since I started teaching my private students in in mentorship will confirm this is how it's always been we have to submit to whatever the opening price is on Sunday and then we can start running calculations and then we can start doing our projections and what we think the weekly high is going to be what the weekly low is going to be daily highs and daily lows all those things they are much easier to do once we know where the week opens and because of all the things with tariffs and all the trade Wars and all the things that I told you back in well old quitter spaces we're seeing that come to to fruition now and it's making things a little bit more complex from the fundamental side and that's the reason why I don't Focus primarily on fundamentals I trust the technicals will give me everything I need and if I'm wrong I'm okay I'm okay with being wrong but I'm not a stute enough to decipher or you know break down what the fundamental aspects are going to be because no matter how long you've been doing this if you lay the fundamental data in front of you know a room full of people or Traders they're not all going to come to the same consensus so it's an opinion and I'd rather have my opinion derived from the technicals inside price action than that of trying to decipher what fundamental data is going to be uh sing or not so if you look at this little area right up in here this is a volume IM balance okay and what makes it a volume imbalance is the fact that there are two candles that are touching one another only by the Wicks the bodies are not touching at all so that little segment that's where my eye jumps to and I believe since we have basically staved off any kind of lower prices on Thursday and Friday Friday looked like it was going to break a little bit more aggressive but it only went down to the balance price range which we'll talk about again in a couple slides from now uh once it took out that low which what we were aiming for then it pulled back and we traded near the upper portion of the weekly range I'm under the opinion let say it that way that should we take out Thursday's High we're going to take out this high and then if we do that and don't reject there it's going to gravitate up towards here now there's supposed to be something that's you know impactful April 2nd as it relates to tariffs and such I'm not going to go into detail because I just go through the headlines I don't ever read articles I don't do any of that kind of stuff but I like to look for financial headlines that kind of like point to certain dates uh or promote fear or exuberance you know excitement about something being moving in one One Direction or another and usually when their headlines are talking about it it's already been moving for a while so I like to fade those types of things but when it comes to the tariffs um I'm kind of like keeping my cards close to my vest meaning that I'll just have to take it how I see it when it occurs so April 2nd uh I'm I'm looking for still lower prices I don't think that we have made a low here at least from the technicals that I see here nothing in here suggests that we're going to trade you know back up to the highs up here that that's simply not in the cards for me but I believe because we spent a lot of time back and forth in here with all these candlesticks the only real separation from where we are right now on Friday's close to that of this price run here from this short-term High down to that low this little area here is the only portion of price action that's somewhat broken in other words if this was like a a metal chain this would be the weak link so it's going to most likely I'm not suggesting it's going to have to do this but I'm under the the opinion that it wants to maybe go back up in there and lay a Candlestick back inside this little separation between these two candles bodies then we could see it roll over now if we roll over into next week and just don't even come back up there that's exceedingly weak and then we're looking for things below 19,000 so it remains to be seen where we open up on Sunday so that's the the windshield view what I think is likely to occur going to next week but again that prognostication may not be accurate because I don't know what the Sunday opening price is so if you go through my mentorship core content you've heard me talk about this before it's not the first time I bring it up and you can watch those videos on my YouTube channel for free do not pay people to buy my uh mentorship videos they're absolutely on my YouTube channel and have at it so all right and this is the hourly chart and that segmented little break in price action that I highlighted on the daily chart that's being shown here on the canvas of a on hour chart as you can see here so this is the daily volume imbalance and this is the price range that we've had basically for the entirety of March this to me it kind of it relies on your ability to trust what you've done in the past as a Trader and that's why I'm saying that I'm willing to see it go up here into this volume imbalance that's what I like to see because if it can get up there and then reject it's only gone up to put in that little Patchwork on the daily chart then it would free it up to expand and and explore lower prices below the lows that's been formed here and here so we're going to see obviously you know Sunday going into Monday's trading what they're aiming for buy side is here initially because we have this high and we have the slightly higher high now I could very easily just say well let me just anchor to that but because we're in a really prolonged trading range it could just very well trade Above This high and then just bump that high and never get above that high so when we're playing inside of a large trading range like this I like to be a little bit more Nimble and not require it to do the extremes so you can you can make a whole lot of wonderful setups using 75 to 80% of the trading range high and low and never trade outside the range and use these smaller short-term highs and lows inside that larger range meaning that this was the high of the range and this being the low of the range down here if we put a fib on that and put in 80 and 20 as the levels if every swing high that was at or just above but not the actual High here of the trading range is being shown here if you look at the extremes of 75 to 80% or the lower extreme and not piercing the 20% I believe that you would be able to focus on the ideal little intraday turtle soup formations they could act as targets or they can act as new entries but because we're looking at analysis and we're looking for Forward Thinking sett s the cell side that I like is here right there notice that it's below the low here and this low here now why am I making the jump to this low here why didn't I use the same logic here well it's because this low actually went just below that one here so this is already lower than that one so that means that it would technically be this low and this low being the relative equal low so I'm going to take your attention to the lower one because in a perfect world all things being equal that's where the sell side's going to be I could be wrong I'm I'm completely content with being wrong sometimes you've seen me get my targets hit by Price delivery but the limit order simply not get filled and that's unfortunately the price you pay when you're trying to be so Surgical and precise and it's actually a compliment to your trading if you can't get filled on your limit order you're trying to get out the high and the low you can't get filled um someone that may be a detractor or someone that's you know hateful spiteful online uh they would say you something condescending about that to me I think that it's a wonderful testimony that you knew exactly what you're looking for and the level of precision is so thin that it did not even fill your limit order I've actually had trades go right to my limit order and one tick or two ticks above and still not fil me again is that is is that a weakness is that a lack of prowess as a Trader absolutely not it just means that they simply denied your fill and that's going to happen when you're trading with real money so those are my liquidity pools on the hourly chart I'm going to drop down into a 15-minute time frame and here is that balance price range and I have it very lightly shaded but if you're a member of my telegram it is very I guess satis fying to see what we were looking for this week trade down just below that low by a tick look at that that little tiny little stab below that and then we had all this price movement moving higher we're going to break down Friday's price action but I want you to take a look at this 15-minute time frame pause the video and think about why price went to this level here before closing all the way from this low all the way up here why did it draw here okay look at what you've did in your own analysis look at what you did in your trading and then when you're ready unpause the video if you don't you don't pause the video These are really wonderful opportunities that you're going to miss if you don't participate interactively okay so it gives you the opportunity to look for the reasons why price did something versus just simply watching the video and saying oh well you know you know I would have saw that and that would be unfortunate because most of my students like to say things that they really wouldn't have done if they followed the directions and paused the video you don't know you can't trust your progress and or learning and measure it accurately unless you do these exercises that's why I put them in there so pause the video when you're ready unpause it didn't pause it did you tell me you just don't want to listen so I want to take your attention to that Candlestick right there that's 10:00 a.m. on Thursday okay I'm not going to add it to the annotations but I want you to write that down in your notes and you should be writing things down as I'm talking to you in these lectures if you're simply watching it like Netflix you're never going to retain it you're not going to remember it and you're certainly not going to be inspired to take the information you gleaned from it and go into your charge looking for it if you're not writing things down that I'm talking about you're wasting your time I'm not wasting my time you're wasting yours so don't waste your time do it the right way take notes but that 10:00 Candlestick right there I want you to annotate that okay because we're going to refer to that at the last few minutes of the review if you will right it's the five minute chart and again I want you to think about what you see here in this chart and I won't ask you to pause the video but again in that same proximity right in here I want you to look at that on your chart as well I'm gonna annotate that now we're going to break things down this level is the low of that balance price range that I gave you in the telegram channel before it traded down through it with high resistance liquidity conditions it went right down to it and threw it by a tick and that was the low that was the low of Friday and then all the way back up to here wouldn't it be interesting wouldn't it be enigmatic if you could determine where that high was going to be now you've seen me do things already this year and if you've been with me for a long time especially paid membership and mentorship students they've seen me do things that are extremely precise and I'm not here to show off okay I could I could put on the ICT mask and and do all Stone Cold Steve Austin you know theatrics and stuff but I'm hopefully past that you guys can just simply just absorb the information I'm sharing and we can talk like we we've been friends for a long time looking at that price run from that low Mouse here that low up to here we're going to look at all that price action right there and I want you to think about it okay because there are a lot of people that are still jawboning and telling you as a student of mine that there is no algorithm they're going to tell you that there's no Rhyme or Reason to the candlesticks there's no justifiable means to an end by looking at the things that I'm showing in the chart they're all just cherry-pick that's what they're going to tell you but you're seeing that is not true because you're watching me do it live Candle by candle in a very large audience and I've had a large audience following me for years behind a pay wall and I've been doing these things things ever since and I've been doing it a lot longer than 2016 as well but I want you to think about if there is an algorithm say you're on the fence say that you came to this video for the first time you heard I'm that guy that talks about the algorithm I'm the guy that knows you know this that and the other thing okay I want to challenge you I want you to I want you to think about how might a algorithm deliver price If there really is something at work if there's an engine behind the scenes that's controlling the spooling effect of price action where it starts to reel run and just reach to liquidity or inefficiencies when would it do it wouldn't it do it by a specific time wouldn't it do it if it was bullish or bearish either way wouldn't it be seen in the bullish phases and the bearish phases even in an intraday price chart you would be able to see that wouldn't you I'm going to talk about a lot of things here that answers a lot of questions that came to me by my own personal students that are behind a pay wall and these are questions that come to me in the comment section because yes it doesn't look like there's a comment section that's open and people are leaving comments but you just can't read them there's a lot of people that are posting things that are crypto oriented uh they're you just basically spamming the comment section of my YouTube channel so obviously if you want to you know bring some heat towards W me I'm literally on X where everybody can talk to me so I'm not hiding behind the comment section of my YouTube channel I'm just babysitting no one in that comment section really I just want to have the ability to see people's comments and all the Adoration and the you know the appreciation majority of it is 99.9% of it it's that um but the folks that you know want to basically try to troll me you're wasting your time cuz no one's going to see that coming but I mean including here that way you can take it to X because you can tweet directly to me okay or what do you call it what do you call it now if it's not Twitter is it it's not tweet I guess it's just a post you can post to me and everybody that sees me they'll see your comment and like I said I'm not hiding from anything or anyone but I want you to think about some of the things that might be problematic with this storyline of a algorithm or not having an algorithm because if there is an algorithm then there should be some measure of repeating phenomenon based on time because if there's an algorithm it's not going to randomly generate price runs think about it it would be chaos and if they're going to do through the trouble of creating an algorithm hire individuals to code to put these things in play and why wouldn't it be structured why wouldn't it be time based why wouldn't it be in a form and fashion that is predictable that's that's what I'm trying to challenge you with here okay I want you to think about that because if there is an algorithm you will see signatures that repeat and they're going to be timed they're going to be very specifically time based price runs that means they begin and or end at very specific times think about that because this is the easiest way to run a litmus test against the theory that I'm promoting and have been promoting for a long long time there's a lot of people out there they know about algorithms in trading and there's a lot of people that'll say yeah there's lots of algorithms out there yeah there's lots of algorithms out there high frequency treading algorithms there's higher time frame algorithms all those things they're true but that's not what I'm talking about that's not what I'm talking about how can listen now how can all of those various large institutions that use highfrequency trading algorithms they use algorithms to put themselves in very large positions they're not always high frequency trading algorithms but they have an algorithm that facilitates their trades when they put them into the marketplace if if we cannot see time-based signatures if we can't see that based on the logic that I've already taught I've already taught these very specific times and you see my students all around the world they're taking money out of prop firms huge amounts of money out of the prop firms they're trading their own accounts with real life regulated Brokers like amp global trade station ninja Trader all of these big names I have students in every every one of those areas and they're taking down huge huge deposits turning to large withdrawals we're taking money out using what I'm teaching and what I've taught and as its creator nothing pleases me more than to see that and I'm not wasting my time by teaching this because I know there is another wave of you that are going to sit down and going to be inspired by what I'm going to show you here today because this is going to slap the mouth of anyone that says there isn't an algorithm it's going to basically stand in the face of them and defiantly say prove this doesn't happen because if you can't prove it doesn't happen you don't have an argument if you can't wrestle with the facts that I'm going to provide here and just simply admit because there there's no shame in it wouldn't it wouldn't it be advantageous if you were to Simply see the the fruits of it the truth behind it all and then say you know what this makes a whole lot more sense now because if it's a random Market that's scary to me that's scary to me but when you hear someone say the markets are rigged to the tick and their time based delivery it doesn't matter what the buy and selling pressure is because that's not a facilitating Factor what creates the high and the low what what yeah that's exactly what it is there's no buying and selling pressure the algorithm is going to keep delivering price higher or lower until it takes it to a price that is already determined as a objective and it's going to deliver it to a specific time or within a measure of time that's like a macro it's the last 10 minutes to the top of the hour and it's the first 10 minutes after a brand new hour starts then there are macros that are very specific like the the lunch macro and then the final hour of regular trading hours macro there's there's four macros inside that last hour trading regular trading hours you hear people call it power hour or it's the last hour trading something to that effect but it's basically a very sweet spot that creates the extreme end of the range for the daily Candlestick I have been in other people's live streams and I have called that last 10 minutes to the tick and they can't hide it in fact they were all impressed with it as well and you can watch all of those people it's still they still have their live streams up I'm going to share a little bit about how I do that today okay uh these are things that I really didn't ever want to teach but simply because I'm having a lot of fun and hopefully the feedback will make me feel better because I have not been feeling well folks and if you if you like what I'm going to share today you let me know on X and let other people know that you found it helpful because I'm not making any money off of it I'm not making any money off of you leaving comments on my YouTube videos because no one's reading them but me but I do read every comment and I appreciate all your comments and when I'm not feeling well physically I read those comments and they inspire me even when I don't want to do like I don't really want to do this video I don't physically want to do it but when I read other people's appreciation it motivates me and it gives me that that drive to do it so it's free to do it to me it's not like you know I'm costing you any money but if you're going to be here and you're trying to learn you know that's a nice currency exchange you just let me know that you appreciate it I'm the only one that can see it if it's going to be in a comment section but let other people see that you got excited or this didn't do it for you and you further convin vinced that there's no algorithm either one it's good that's fine I don't care keep the discussion going that's basically what I'm getting at I'm not going to convince everyone but I'm going to really twist the arm of individuals that have been hard lined about there is no algorithm and there's a buying and selling pressure you're going to have a real hard time swallowing that pill after this one finally we made our way to the one minute chart all right so we're looking at the New York Kill Zone New York Hill Zone is the same for Forex okay it's basically the 7:00 a.m. eastern time to 9:00 a.m. now you can extend that one hour before and one hour after and just completely answer all the problems of daylight savings time that's what I taught in my private private mentorship my students know this so I'm giving to you a free years as well so you don't have to pay for that but if you're going to be a purist meaning that you're going to stick to the rules as I first presented them it's 7:00 a.m. eastern time to 9:00 a.m. eastern time that's essentially in Futures Trading it's pre-market trading so you're trading ahead of the opening bell at 9:30 eastern time so if we look at the NASDAQ on Friday let's break that down in here so we have 7:00 starts this period here all the way through till 9:00 a.m. eastern time we have relative equal highs in here the market rallies up takes that buy side liquidity I'm going to challenge you to go further to the left on your chart I'm purposely leaving a lot of things out of these charts because we're going to talk about journaling at the end so that's kind of like the the shotgun Saturday encouragement and or where I talk a lot of things that not necessarily are appearing in in the charts this is that's the part that most people don't want to listen to but these are the things that help you become a better Trader and use the information I teach technically correctly but look the left a little bit further over here on your one minute chart and you'll see there's a fair value G that it trades up into there but sticking just to the liquidity aspect the buy Sid's taken here and then we break below that short-term low which is what a shift in Market starts to bearish then the market trades higher this is model 2022 in and of itself for the folks that guys oh I ain't seen it working in months I don't know what you're looking at but it's it's working every day the market breaks down and this is the institutional orderflow entry drill and that simply means that this Candlestick didn't get completely filled in or closed in and repriced back to the previous candle low this candlesticks buy side balance sell sign efficiency then this cby sell sign balance buyid efficiency creates a balanced price range there that's why you would expect to see an Institutional orderflow entry drill the easiest way to anticipate the institutional orall in drill is if there's a balance price range in the fair value Gap that it's trading up into nine times out of 10 if you're bearish it's not going to completely close that in and that means you can do a very shallow run above that high as your entry and not try to use the consequent encroachment or the entire range closing in on the fair value Gap toss that in there no extra charge then we break down with displacement again and all of these candles here the lowest opening price that's change in the state of delivery trades up into the bearish order block and then it breaks down there once we get below this low here we do so on a expansion it's heavy displacement meaning we have a Candlestick that creates what a fair value Gap since it's done that below this low and here's the main thing we talked about this in telegram before it reached it I told you in telegram I'm interested in getting below that balanced price range of the 18th and the 19th of March a big block of price action okay if you're a member of the telegram channel it's free the actual official link you can find that on my YouTube channel in the description portion of the channel it's it's right next to where I post my X link to get on to X and watch whatever I'm posting there and in my my main website which is thein circle trader.com it is likely to trade down here so that means we were looking for this so the draw on liquidity is what is it bullish no it's not we're up here so this displacement here once it gets below this low here and does that we want to see it stay open and if it stays open it's going to act as what a breakaway Gap then the market breaks faster and then we have a big cell balance B efficiency right where it should form what do I mean by that well if you take this Gap here it's roughly by eyeballing it only it's about halfway from the high to where it's formed to where that line is here that red line at 19604 point2 that's the low of that balanced price range that big block of price action I shared in telegram of the 18th and the 19th of March for NQ I wanted to see it go down below that and explore below it it well did it went down a tick or two below it and said that's enough for me and went back up but that's still what we were looking for so if this was the draw in liquidity in best case scenario would be trading down to that sell side I made no mention of this as a hard selling point this level here absolutely was called in advance in telegram so you're seeing 33 years of experience of knowing how the Market's likely to draw to these very pools of liquidity now admittedly on Thursday I believe it was I thought that we could potentially trade to Wednesday's High when we're in that you know parabolic run up because it's fomc week it was it's likely to happen and it didn't it didn't deliver that okay so while that didn't deliver does it mean that the concepts fail does it mean that I don't know what I'm doing does it mean that they're changing the algorithm absolutely not it just means in a week like fomc you're probably going to get it wrong and the day after fomc well it's not a stretch to to assume for a moment that imperfection is likely to creep in to everyone's analysis and I'm No Ex no exception to that rule so once the market uh reaches down here we can very easily see that that was a measuring Gap but I'm sure you probably want to see some more details to prove that was a measuring Gap right as the market breaks down since you know this level down here is that low of the balance price range of the big trading range of the March 18th and 19th price action you drop a fib from this high and we we'll do it here you anchor your FIB to the high and you pull it down okay so since this is a static chart and it's not me doing it live over a chart imagine my cursor just like that I'm holding it right there I want you to take your attention to that red level right there that's the 50% % level on the Fibonacci as I pull the FIB down I'm trying to eyeball this 50% level and line it up with the middle of the measuring Gap so I'm going to Overlay this red line with this dotted line which is half or the middle of this cell balance B efficiency so I'm going to pull it down from here and I'm going to aim for that level right there and drop it and it looks like this so I pulled the Fib from this high all the way down there's where my curer would be until the 50% of the FIB anchored to that high it stops me here because the 50% level laying over top of the consequent encroachment of this Gap that gives me the perfect measurement for measuring gaps okay or it's basically like the equilibrium or grading a price swing we can anticipate where measuring gaps are going to form if we know where the draw and liquidity is isn't that fascinating isn't that fun how about where does the Breakaway Gap form around 20 to 30% of the implied dealing range what's an implied dealing range implied dealing range is when the market was up here and you anticipate selling off where's it going to sell off to well we wanted to see it go down below that 18th and 19th balanc price range of March that's this red line down here so we can take a fib and just Loosely take it from the sell-off point and drop it right on the red line here and you're going to get a general proximity where that midpoint is but it's further refined when you actually use what price running of itself as it forms Candlestick by Candlestick so here is the upper quadrant of that implied dealing range an implied dealing range is a price run that has not completed yet if you're bullish or bearish where your Terminus or Target is which is this level here that was qualified and Quantified inside of the telegram channel before it reached it so by having projections like this we can gr our price swings and Breakaway gaps are wonderful to anticipate near the 20 to 30% of the price range that has yet to deliver and then 50% of it you see that now in and of itself to me I felt that that was very fascinating when I was coming up and I was seeing these types of things in my own analysis I was like wow you I've always seen books talk about gaps you know Common gaps like breakway gaps measuring gaps exhaustion gaps you they're not my Concepts I didn't create them okay but I did come up with a concept as I'm teaching you here which is implied dealing ranges and anticipating where they're going to form where they're forming and on top of that you can anticipate the time they're going to form that's going to be outside the scope of this lecture but I will have it in volume three of the books that I have worked on I know I know come on ICT come on I can't put everything in a video okay but I will teach it I promise you so if we know that this is the midpoint which qualifies and confirms this is a measuring Gap this level right here here stops when we get this overlapping of the midpoint and 50% of the FIB this level here pay attention now look at the bodies see that ain't that beautiful so you're telling me seriously this is fun you're telling me that the buying and selling pressure just happen to form all the bodies right there but the Wicks are allowed to do the damage what did they do they went down just below that low I told you that the 18th and the 19th balance price range formed and it went down below it by a tick and then it came right back up to close inside of the level that projected for a perfect measured run so the implied dealing range came to perfect fruition and it's confirmed with what look at the bodies stopping right where the FIB qualifies that being the measuring Gap do that on your own chart mimic what you see me doing here okay obviously you're probably not going to be able to do it if you're watching it months from now or years from now but I can't make you know a solution for that just know that I'm I've done it here and you're welcome to you know look around on on X and there'll probably be people sharing it too but the body stop it that level the wick goes to where I said I was going to go by one tick or two and says that's it we're done so the bodies confirmed that has been delivered perfectly and the wick has told you what the damage is done we traded below that 18th and the 19th price action that balance price range of choppy range bound block of price action we've done it here and then we had this run Above This short-term high right there what is that that's a shift in Market structure so we can anticipate the market doing what going higher if it breaks out and starts running we you see it deep dive doesn't take out the low but the bodies are doing what what are they doing there staying in that level of that implied dealing range then it starts to Rally there's details in here that we're going to farare it out but you can anticipate price doing what breaking this high now why 9:30 we have the opening range the opening range is 9:30 to 10 o'clock Eastern time now I know I know there's a lot of folks out there that they'll say opening range this or that some guys are saying here's the first five minutes opening range there's guys that say okay here's 15 minutes opening range here's this and here's that I'm telling you it's 30 minutes I promise you you're going to see why it's 30 minutes today okay but I want you to understand that anything outside of 30 minutes is just an opinion and that's why you're not seeing them show what I'm going to show you today what I'm going to show you today is going to blow your socks off I promise you any other time element isn't going to match up with what I'm showing you here today and that's what I'm trying to twist the arm of the individuals that are just wanting to argue whether it be in my own comment section or in other people I read it you know I look at other YouTubers and they're always you know having my name in their mouth and they're talking about how this that you think there's no algorithm but they never want to put up against it they never want to show whatever they're doing against what I'm proving live in front of almost a 100,000 people that did not pay me to be in there watching me doing it I want you to think about how the opening range of 30 minutes what do we do with that information well obviously you have to know the low of it and the high of it and that's what I've annotated here so by having that range defined we start looking for first presented fair value gaps now if if you're an order block Trader you're going to wait for the first order block to form that's Salient to your bullish or bearish stance on the session it may be Breakers it may be a institutional orl drill it may be a propulsion block it might be a volume imbalance it might be anything that I've ever taught that's your DD array but I'm pushing the first present of fair value C because it's good it's like it's it's like a silver bullet it's like it's it's there it's always going to be there but there are some aspects to first present the fair value Gap that I want to include here today if you have a very small and there's going to be times where you look at the individual price action of any given day and you make question is the first fair value Gap really valid or should you use another one and the general rules are this obviously you know when we're looking at inside this range from this candle's High to that candle's low that's the actual range but the range in time is here from 9:30 a.m. eastern time to 10:00 eastern time so you're having to look inside that portion of time for the very first presented fair value Gap or the very first PD array that you're going to employ as your model the easiest one the spot is the fair value Gap all you have to do is narrow your focus down to the first 30 minutes because the algorithm is going to leave something there for smart money it's coded to do that buying and selling pressure is not forming that it's not a one print single print as you hear people try to call it it has nothing to do what I'm doing absolutely has nothing to do with it you've never seen anybody use uh single prints that invert now there's an inversion of that first single print it's all garbage these people are just trying to find some way to make it look like this has been in existence forever but unfortunately I broke the mold when they said there's nothing new Under the Sun and that's the kind of stuff that makes me sound arrogant but I'm just simply poking you all that are resisting just simply look at it because if this stuff existed somewhere else other people would be doing that other stuff and doing things that I'm doing showing Precision that's unrivaled remember if all that stuff happened and then in books and people Lear been learning for years hundreds of years or whatever why aren't they doing what I'm doing why aren't they showing it proving it proving Precision because it doesn't it doesn't exist anywhere else and it's not Pride I'm not being arrogant here I'm just being I'm being very sincere because I think that there's a lot of people that listen to people online that they look at as Heroes and they have an opinion that they've borrowed from someone else they haven't done the due diligence of going through all the material that I've put out they look at all those videos on this YouTube channel and say there ain't no way I'm going through all that stuff if someone says that they watched all those videos and they think this is what it really is it's a copycat of this or rebranded of that I'm just going to take their word for it and because I like them and they wouldn't lie to me because they're my hero that's really what it is and and unfortunately that's what it's like for my own Community if I come out here and said anything that wasn't really true but I made the case that here's what it does here what it does in the marketplace it does this does that and because I said it they're going to believe it because they look up to me and that's unfortunately the the the problem with social media I want I want you to Simply look at it yourself because if you're not looking at it yourself and not just one weekend over the weekend or looking at this and looking at that and thinking okay I figured it out and he's you know he's not being truthful or it doesn't work or it's not really there you have to have time using it really studying it and I'm convinced that it doesn't need to be defended by me I do these things because I stir up the community the people that talk about it not being there or being valid or that it's somebody else's stuff bring forth the evidence suggesting those things you're saying are true and what I'm saying is false and they never do that so this is for those individuals that don't have the details that say that what I'm saying isn't true or isn't true this is my argument you're welcome to leave it alone and just go do whatever you want to do but you need to answer this today if you don't think there's an algorithm you need to swallow this big pill because this this is going to be a jagged one moving range 30 minutes 9:30 to 10 o'clock Eastern time you're looking for the very first presented fair value Gap if the Gap as you'll see here that's the very first one see it there's no other fair value gap on the one minute time frame forming prior to that right there now would you agree that that's a very small fair value Gap it's minuscule and it really didn't do anything did it did it take price down to take a lower low out no so there's one strike against it we already made the low of the day at a level we anticipated so if we went down here here isn't it likely the Market's going to go higher anyway if it rejects like it's done here we have a shift in Market structure and then we're inside of the opening range of 9:30 eastern time so we're only coming back down to test that low and it didn't even get down to the low of that 18th and the 19th balance price range so as I teach the signatures are we want to see levels fail we want to see PD arays fail that's Insight you don't see anything in woff supply and demand or anything else out there that says we want to see certain things fail because all those books were written before an algorithm existed the logic that these algorithms that are used to trade they're highly sophisticated entry models but the delivery of price is controlled and they have to try to engage the price runs just like you and I do and they may not get filled because the algorithm is doing all of the delivery think about it why didn't it go down below that low surely there's somebody down there a collection of individuals that are long if they're long what's going to be below that low sell stops why couldn't it get down there just to go one more time what's the logic that says n it's not enough there wasn't enough sellers there the selling pressure was abated and the buyers came in there's more buyers why tell me why why right there you're just going to give me an opinion but what I'm going to show you today is not an opinion it's facts it's time based delivery precision and it repeats every single day and that's what I'm trying to inspire and all of you because we're going to talk about journaling at the end of this and I want you to look for these things I'm going to show you here and that's what you're going to journal but without stealing the Thunder of that portion of the video let's go into this in a little bit more detail small little Gap like that that's the first presented fair value gap of Friday March 21st 2025 of NASDAQ June delivery contract it's a fair value Gap that's a Cy so that means generally that would be treated as what it trades back up into it and sell off but that's canceled out because we we reached our Target now we have a shift Market structure here and we didn't take out the low there so we're inside of the 9:30 10:00 opening range so if we take out that high we really have what we have a move outside of the opening range higher when it should be bullish because we've hit our Target for the week and we rejected it here so wouldn't it be favorable to see a larger fair value Gap than this one that's in an opposing direction if this is a sippy fair value Gap in other words it's a down closed candle this is what you see the opposite of which is a absy buyid bound cellid efficiency and notice the difference and contrast of its displacement significantly larger isn't it this would be your very first presented fair value Gap within the context and Narrative of what you have in price action here when you see people on X or if you were seeing the comments that are left in my video all the time when I'm sharing executions they'll say why didn't you use that fair value Gap why did you use that one why' you choose this one and why' you choose that one there are rare instances where my eyes because they're 53 years old now uh they're just not as good as they were when I was younger and sometimes I make a mistake and I grabbed the wrong candle or I'll type in the wrong time and when I've noticed it and other students have been gracious enough to let me know what I've done wrong and made an error referring to a very specific time when they know what I'm talking about they they know that I'm referring to a different time and May the candle right before it or candle after it um it's just the it's the old man enemy that's it's showing to the surface and it's just it's unfortunately what happens when you get old my vision isn't what it used to be and the other times when it's not like that this is what I'm doing I'm looking for things that have a greater displacement that is in the context of the narrative what I think price is going to do so this would be your first presentative everybody got because it's a larger displacement and much more significant than this little tiny thing here okay then the market trades above the opening Range High there's your breakout we don't trade breakouts but that's a break above it we don't need it to close above it the market trades down into that again right there what time is that occurring at 10 o'clock that's your silver bullet it forms every day folks there's never been a day where Silver Bullet never formed now ask your mentors ask your Educators ask whoever ever is a you know a big wig in the industry tell them to come forward and say that their concept forms every single day without fail there's a lot of them m going to even come close to wanting to say that but I will and I'll show it every single day every single day my stuff doesn't stop working because it's algorithmic it's all time-based delivery okay and that should already get you excited but we're ain't done yet the market rallies again And Trades into that old measuring Gap now because we went above it here and we've got the narrative behind us that it's likely to trade higher now this inefficiency that was a sell inbalance buy efficiency or measuring Gap now we can treat it as an inversion fair value Gap look at that look where it's forming I mentioned on X that you would have a lot of ideas thrown at you here's one of them if you have a market that's changed gears in Direction now it's bullish if you can get above the opening Range High and if there's liquidity obvious in the charts here this Gap over here when it was going up to run the liquidity out that's a buyid bell sell efficiency but when the market changed gears that turns this into what a premium array in the form of an inversion fair value Gap Market goes down into the opening Range High and the low of this inversion fair value Gap that was the measuring Gap so it's forming basically a pseudo Market maker buy model okay that's what it's basically forming bodies real close to inside that inversion fair value Gap but it hits the opening Range High and then creates another fair value Gap there trades outside of that inversion fair value Gap comes back down again here you go this is another Silver Bullet inside the hour of 10:00 displaces the upside runs the buy side here and trades it up in the inversion fair value Gap and we don't even need that buy side taken there for that those are two trades right there that are beautiful right away you can see that there are times when we can use the actual opening range that the algorithms going refer to it's 30 minutes folks it's not 15 minutes it's not 5 minutes it's not anything above or below 30 minutes it's always 30 minutes period moving forward in time here's that inversion fair value Gap that was projected over here and that buy that was running off of that then the market retraces and trades down and what is it doing it's trading back inside of the opening range I'm not saying opening range Gap it's the opening range it's the first 30 minutes 9:30 to 10:00 Eastern Time now I have added the Fibonacci to the opening range low to high that's what I did here and I added the upper quadrant and the lower quadrant now if I'm bullish on a market and it trades down inside the opening range I'm going to be watching that upper quadrant oh my oh my you feel that tugging in the corner of your mouth go ahead go ahead let it happen smile it's fun isn't it that tring down into that upper quadrant of the opening range the first 30 minutes of trading 9:30 10 o'cl that's algorithmic it's also occurring at a very specific time time this is where the lunch macro begins 11:30 right here that starts that whole overlapping of what already has happened what's what's happened already the market traded lower from here there's buy side resting above that so at 11:30 whatever you've been doing anticipate some measure of retracement and grow in the other direction not all the time but the majority of time you're going to see that now in this case because we had the target reached for the week it's probably going to go higher and this is the lunch macro the lunch macro is 11:30 time Eastern time as far as 1:30 p.m. eastern time so it's a 2hour window of time that's collectively referred to by me as the New York lunch okay so by hitting the upper quadrant of the opening range when it's bullish you can time an entry in here to go higher now you can use an inversion fair value Gap here you can use a turtle soup or you can anticipate the run back above here and trust that it will give you a fair value Gap some kind of a order Block in this case you can see very very beautiful immediate rebalance there and then starts to run higher these levels are standard deviations the standard deviation of the opening range the first 30 minutes 9:30 10:00 this is I have a standard deviation one standard deviation 1.5 standard deviation and it trades up to that after taking the buy side out here right here beautiful delivery algorithmic all perfectly delivered now at that point we're going to take our attention and scrub forward again this Gap here we're going to extend it forward but now because price is above it I'm not going to change the color because I don't want you to lose sight of what it is I'm referring to in proximity to that so just know that once we went above it here this would be referred back to as a reclaimed bullish fair value Gap not a bearish fair value Gap but I want to leave it this way so that way you can follow it in the in the slides of my PowerPoint presentation here that's it here extended all the way over it so here's that run up to that standard deviation 1.5 and then one more time it bumps Above It And Trades down into the lunch macro ending at 1:30 p.m. and now we're creating what the opening range the first 30 minutes of 1:30 to 2:00 Eastern time that's what sets the tone for the market structure all of the mag uh magnificent and precision oriented aspects that I teach it all starts from here 1:30 to 2:00 find that in W off find that in Elliot wave finding anything it ain't there folks it's simply not there okay the macdaddy the M McCoy he's talent to you right now I wasn't wanting to teach all this stuff but it's just simply fun to just twist that knife in the proverbial sides of all these people that say it isn't real it ain't there it's all buying and selling pressure really so we have the opening range low this is the lowest low between 1:30 p.m. eastern time to 2:00 Eastern time that's the highest high at this is the time aspect okay this is the parameters on time this is the opening range low the lowest inside that range of time so if we following it down here 2:00 to 1:30 that's what this is showing here it's the end of the lunch macro so now we're anticipating another runin price action and since we've already anticipated a reversal because we hit our weekly Target so we can anticipate what a continuation to the upside see how that's we we we work together to build a narrative based on what has happened and what's less likely to happen less likely for it to continue lower because you already traded bull weekly a target of the 18th and 19th Bal price range and it rejected strongly on a Friday so now we have the opening Range High and then inside that opening range here's your first presented fair value Gap oh my goodness this looks like someone's put this together like there's like there's a real storyline behind all this uhhuh that's what I've been trying to tell you but I didn't want you to take my word for it I wanted you to see it for months and years and the folks that don't want to see it they're in denial they're in denial honestly I'm beginning to think that it's a paid opposition now to try to dilute your attention to it because if they can say anything bad about me or they can say anything bad about the concepts you everything they've said about it is false and I'm proving it I'm proving it every day so again what you going to do if I if I never talk about it again the cats already out of the bag and you know to me I think that's delicious but the market trades down into that first res fair value Gap here and rallies up that right there is a tradeable run but now we're going into a macro 250 to 310 and the Market's doing what it races all the way back down to negative one standard deviation of the opening range of 9:30 to 10:00 that's what these are here okay so again we go down to that inversion fair value gap which is technically a bullish reclaimed fair value Gap it rallies and consolidates inside now the macro of 3:15 to 3:45 eastern time I promise you no one ever talked about that no one has ever mentioned that ever I did on Twitter spaces I talked about these things okay and you can find them all on YouTube because I give permission for people to put them up that was the reason why did that I don't care that they make ad Revenue off of my my Twitter spaces okay I said a lot of things language-wise that I didn't want to have on my YouTube video and I I trolled people inside those Twitter spaces too back then so I again I didn't want that on my YouTube channel but no one can deny that those things and the inversion Fair bag app I taught that on in audio of a Twitter space and all those things can can be confirmed by going and watching other people that love to put my Twitter spaces on their YouTube channel sometimes they put music behind it sometimes they put it with charts if I've talked about some things they reenact all that they put some work and effort into it and if they want to make that Revenue off of that part of it I don't I don't mind it's just you're providing another testimony that you were there you saw it you listened and it's a timeline all those bread coms come back to me but at 3:15 to 3:45 the last final hour of regular trading hours you call it the power hour I don't call it Power Hour It's the final hour of regular trading hours between 3:15 and 3:45 the Market's going to operate inside of the narrative that's presently underway meaning what we created another opportunity to buy we have buy side up here which is also the opening Range High of 1:30 to 2 p p.m. eastern time that's the afternoon session you don't see me do a lot of afternoon session stuff usually I'm in other people's live streams or whatever and the things I call out and it comes to fruition all the time is what I'm showing you here I'm I'm literally showing you my cards now it's going to take a lot of experience to do what I'm doing just by me showing you this isn't going to be enough but look at the times that these things are occurring they're very specific they're very very specific if you look at the high here that's a macro that's a macro that's 1250 to 110 macro and what does it do it retraces back down into that Gap and it's also trading down into negative 1 standard deviation of the opening range at 9:30 to 10:00 forget pivot Points folks forget all that stuff you need to look at these things okay pivot Points are not based on time they're not based on any time they're just ambiguous measurements of open high low and close multiply by two divide it by this all that stuff is number crunching when you take your attention to time and that's why I laugh in the face of these fools that talk about oh I'm I'm the price this I'm the price that I'm the Prince of price action you're a fool if you're not implementing time first because that's what the algorithm does it refers to very specific times and then what price inside that range of time see these aren't zones they're highly specific 30 minute Windows 20 minute windows in deference to the macro or in this case um the lunch macro which is a 2hour window of opportunity but there's a beginning to it and there's an ending to it and there's price runs that begin and end at those very specific times when you're journaling I'll hold off cuz I'm going to steal a thunder from that portion of the video If I Could going on but during the 315 the 345 macro it's 30 minutes you're looking for the setup that leads to murder on close excuse me market on close macro that's what Moc stands for that's the 350 little price run that usually takes off and creates another higher high or a retracement into the range here we know that we have 2.5 standard deviation that would take us Above This high this one's very close but if you look at this price run here it duplicates itself there so we're seeing another measured move but it begins at the time and on the price inside of the opening range in the afternoon session that's this one here look what it's doing here body stopping at the consequent encroachment Wicks go down just below doesn't completely close it in during the 350 I'm sorry 315 to 345 macro bodies are staying in Upper half what is it telling you the algorithm is signaling to Smart money just like it's been coded to do stay out of that area that gives them confidence that that's the setup to buy and run it into the close and look for rocket fuel at 350 and here you go that candlestick's 350 and wouldn't you know it look what happens right up to -2.5 standard deviation so there's obviously no algorithm right no way nope not here folks nothing to see I want you to think about the power of journaling okay why why even do it well it allows you to measure your progress on a daily and weekly basis which is really important as a new Trader new student especially if you've been trading for a long time and you've had hit and miss results or never been profitable this is probably going to be the biggest super helpful thing to you in terms of organization collecting and organizing your thoughts building your model refining encouraging yourself all those things are beneficial from the power of journaling so by measuring progress daily and weekly to encouraging yourself when you feel like you're in a stagnant position or you're in draw down you just simply not doing things right and you feel like everything's different than what you expected it to be you're going to want to be cheerleaded and you you need to en encourage yourself when you do things in your Journal never talk negative and when you find those points in your Journal where you've done it well in the past go back go back and visit them again and you'll say oh wow I did that I did those very things and I saw that happen it worked it it cancels out the negative thoughts about what you're feeling when you do something wrong it feels like oh this is broken it doesn't work anymore and if if you don't have experience to lean on or a community that tells you listen it's normal for you to feel that way but keep walking forward with the information the data will support and show you that it works it isn't going to work 100% nobody has a 100% strike rate nobody has if there ever was going to be somebody that has one it's me and it ain't going to be me ever because there's always manipulation there's always some kind of intervention that I can't see coming and then there it is and I'm also human I'm not AI sometimes I don't feel good sometimes I have something happening in my personal life that this clouds my mind and my focus and I just do something I shouldn't have done and I I take a losing trade eventually you're going to see me do it it's okay it doesn't mean anything except for that transaction was done wrong and I own it doesn't mean anything El than just simply that but what do you Journal well what I'm showing you here if you're not doing these things in your chart looking for the signatures of the algorithm if you're not looking for it you're never going to be you proving that there's something to things I'm teaching you'll just eventually quit and go watch some guy that has an indicator and hopefully he spoon feeds and gives you setups that's what you're really looking for in the beginning give me a handheld opportunity to follow and copy you that's what I wanted too I wanted that because I was intimidated by losing all the time as a very beginning student as 20-year-old Michael I didn't know what I was doing so you're going to journal like this you're going to go through the charts after the fact and put the times that I'm showing you here they're always the same they never change the only thing that's missing in here is all of the the individual hour macros the 50 minute to 10 minutes after the top of every hour mark every one of them and you're going to start seeing the turning points in the marketplace are happening there and when you understand the narrative and when the market is likely to go nothing will surprise you you're not going to be surprised you're going to have a whole level of comfort and you'll able to hold trades longer one of the biggest questions I get all the time is how are you able to hold on to trades like that I would be shaken out by this or that I'm using this type of information here it's not found in books it's not found in Educators now it's going to be in Amazon books now and the low class low you know character individuals are going to pretend that they figured it out or they founded some garbage that's really my Concepts okay you see them they're in my X all the time spamming my comment section but look at their post it's order blocks it's fair bag asss that's my stuff folks it's my stuff and they're just rebranding it you didn't found anything you didn't discover anything you're just paring and trying to put a new name and spin on something so that way you can be a character in the industry learn how to do it well okay there's no shame in saying that you learn from the stuff I put out there most of you haven't paid for it now wouldn't it be wonderful that just put down all that stuff this this image-based you know argument you're having an arm wrestling match with me I don't want to say that I learned from you well I understand because I make a very very uncomfortable position for people that sell my content I'm comfortable being in a position where you think I'm a fraud I'm comfortable being in a position where you say he's never won the Robin's cup because when you sell my information in my mentorship and my name's attached to it because that's the only thing that's going to go and sell it for you they're gonna think oh yeah why would I buy that that guy didn't he do this and didn't he not do that right and that's why I do exactly what I'm doing but I'm also twisting that knife every day in that telegram Channel aren't I here's where it's going to go here's how it's going to move and here's my trade boom what are you going to do with that I'm holding you right at the very Razor's Edge and if you believe in the concept because you've been with me a long time it's fun watching me if you're brand new you're uncomfortable this guy doesn't have any track record he doesn't want to show us information he doesn't want to give this listen don't I could I could fabricate anything that's happened in the past anyone can do that they do it all the time with my effect books you can get a white label broker and put a fake broker fake trades in there and make that thing look gets a real account and you look like you're amazing that doesn't mean anything trade live call it live everything before it happens everything should be explained beforehand that's what I'm doing I'm doing it in a manner where you don't need to see a live account you don't even need to see a demo account you don't see you don't need to see any of that stuff because if I don't know what I'm talking about I'm going to fail miserably in front of all of you and look at what everybody's seeing isn't it fun it's delicious isn't it everybody wants me to do this and I'm going to do the opposite and you're all still watching me it's beautiful isn't it it's poetry so you would be also marking every macro every 20 minute interval that's the first 10 minutes after the top of the hour and the first or the last 10 minutes prior to the top of the hour so they're always hour 50 minute to new hour 10 minutes after so that 20 minute window that's a macro you want to record that in all of your charts well not all your charts but in in the one and five minute chart it's that's you should have it and anywhere else you shouldn't need it and the 30 minute opening ranges for the morning session it's 9:30 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. and in the afternoon session it's 1:30 p.m. to 2: p.m. eastern time they don't change okay they're always going to be static and the first res fair value Gap inside of both of those opening ranges and then obviously the opening range gaps which I'm not including here but you want to back test all this Mark up your PDA R like I've I've done here and this is very very slim and and not really bloated with a lot of stuff but look how beautiful it is these are the things I have on my my little notepad you know like here that's the stuff I have written down you ask to see it all the time because I don't want to teach this I don't want to teach it because you're going to see a level and say what is that and because I won't answer you you'll get mad at me so to avoid it I just never want to share it so you're going to document how price runs form at these times with the very pdrs that it forms and by seeing it repeating over and over again by repetition you'll start spotting these things are always occurring and when you start seeing it it's all time based and it's going to the PD that I teach that's coded smart money's looking for these same things okay I promise you they're not using indicators I promise you these individuals are not looking at indicators they're looking at time and price it's this type of thing they're looking for not this exactly but this is the language I created that way it gets real real close closer than anybody else has ever gotten before and where do they run to what objective did they reach for that's your standard deviations on the opening ranges and then was there any draw down in any setup that formed how much of a draw down how long did the time require for that that setup to pan out or how long did it stay in profit before eventually stopping you out you Journal all those things and you keep data on that and then you also you you look for these things in terms of how much time and what time the Run completed and you're going to start seeing these signatures and time repeat over and over and over again there's really no more lessons I'm going to give publicly either in books or video that have anything to do with time this is all you're going to get from me there are so much more to it but I'm not going to teach it anymore than what I've shown you here if you stick to what I've shown here TimeWise here and start looking for all the price runs and what PD arrays that form the price runs you will learn by repetition how to be a better tape reader and read price action better that's not a promise that you're going to make money it means that you're going to be more comfortable in your skin watching these candlesticks form and Trust where they're likely to go that in and of itself is not profitable trading or consistently profitable Trading there's a huge gap and Chasm between that point of your development and that but you're never going to get there unless you start that means journaling taking the information that I'm showing you here all the time aspects that I've talked about here today include them on your chart if you're not recording them I watch my students sometimes live stream and they're very inconsistent sometimes they'll talk about a macro time other times they don't even mention them at all and sometimes they're not even looking at it and if they would have done so it would have kept them from being offside on the trades I'm not going to go in and correct any of my students number one it's rude two it's not my trade and they're going to learn By Doing It Wrong not by me telling them you're doing that wrong that creates codependency that's why I don't give you the entries that's why I don't give you the stop losses I'm not going to do that I don't want to sit there and have the concern about a trade's outcome when I don't have it as the trader but then I will have it I will I will absorb your your scared anxiety about the outcome of the trade because I'm going to be thinking all these people are watching me they're worried about this that and I'm not focusing on price action am I I'm focusing on your emotions that's why I don't do it that way I teach it perfectly before it happens this is what you're looking for this is what it should do it shouldn't do that and it's going to go here if I don't know what I'm doing I'm going to fail have I it it's it's beautiful it's art and I'm having a great deal of fun and it's almost like medicine for me and I love doing it but a lot of times honestly I don't even want to be in the telegram Channel I'm in a lot of pain so just be patient with me um hopefully the Lord's more mercial and and gets me where I need to be at but um that's why my my output has been really really low I've not been producing any content I have lots of videos I want to produce they're outlined already but I just don't have the energy to sit through it to do it and when I'm able to do it I I'll I'll certainly do it but until then take what you get from me and be content with that okay hopefully you found this one insightful hopefully it was beneficial in a lot of ways in terms of what you're looking for in terms of journaling but you have to collect data and how you do it is up to you I since sent a a post to X and I said that uh all of you that are willing to share how you journal and what medium or application or or tool that you use you you're welcome to encourage others that are in the same community and there's been some really wonderful uh products um I don't have an affiliate with anybody I won't ever have an affiliate with anyone but I have seen enough to know that some of those things look really good from the surface and some of the students are saying they've been using for a long time they like them I'm not going to say their name here because it be like an advertisement for them and you'll you'll assume that I'm doing something through an affiliate with them and I don't I don't have any affiliate you can't pay for my opinion if I like something I'm going to tell you honestly if I don't like something I'm going to tell you honestly and that way everything's the same with me whatever I say I stand on it and if my opinions matter to you hopefully you can respect that because I avoid having any confusion about whether I'm getting paid for my opinion about something but this is going to be it for this one and until I talk to you next time Lord willing be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ Weekly Summary \ 02/28/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-L9XMj50XG0
================================================================================

e welcome back folks all right so I apologize on my tardiness I was supposed to do this on Friday and I was supposed to do a review on Thursday as well uh truth truth be told uh I lost a childhood friend and I'm caught up in my feels a little bit so it's so hard for me to focus so I'm going to make this one kind of brief I was going to do it like a like a shotgun Saturday type thing and talk a little bit more I just don't have it in me today okay so all right so this is the weekly summary February 28th 2025 now obvious it's Saturday here it's March 1st 2025 but we're going to take a look at the details as to what led me to the analysis I gave real time in the telegram channel it's really important before I continue that you go back and look at the content that that I shared over the last couple weeks we talked a lot about how NQ NASDAQ futures was in a very large holding pattern on the daily chart and I'll revisit those those points in this briefly but I want you to go back and look at the post I made in the tel Channel I want you to also take a look at the guidance that I gave in the YouTube video commentaries the very specific price levels the things that I was expecting to see what wanted to see and then look at where we're at right now okay so with that let's take a closer look at the daily chart for Nasdaq now if you've been following me for a while especially this year you know that there was two levels I was referring to on the daily chart for Nasdaq those being the relative equal highs here which would naturally have buy side resting above it and then this low down here now these independent lows here I also mentioned them in mentioned them individually so they were targets as we were cascading lower each one of these were significant levels to aim for but my focus was and I took your attention to this one here and then trade down into this inefficiency don't take my word for what I just said there a lot of you that are new it's it's usually a characteristic for someone that's um impatient that is overzealous they want to get to the you the the meat of what it is I try to teach and there's a lot of things that you gloss over and they're important things that have a great deal of impact in your understanding and your learning curve is shortened if you pay attention to the details if you're watching the videos and the lectures and you're not taking notes if you're not writing down the very things I'm referring to you're you're going to miss a lot of salient points that are going to be helpful and beneficial to you as a student but I stated that until we got outside of these highs or below these lows the market was going to be held in a holding pattern if you will so it makes it difficult but when the market does in fact go after one of these first be it buy side or sell side then the market would loosen up and you'd start to see a lot more volatility this Gap in here I used two of my PD arrays characteristics and Blended them together that being the volume balance and the actual Gap okay so we watched this in here and I had a interest in seeing it go higher don't take my word for that go back and look at everything I'm saying now what I'm talking about is the the bias on the daily chart meaning that we would go up first to take the buy side out here then the sell side as you can see the market does in fact trade after using this Gap or volume imbalance hybrid if you will it uses it as support here and sends it above de clear the buy side above these relative equal highs and then the remaining portion of this area here is completely rebalanced because we traded up into it here marking over top of this single down closed candle from that candlesticks low you can see we repriced back to it we spent some time back and forth and then left it that means that all of this now is a balanced price range after taking liquidity which kind of liquidity buy side so now because it took this side first it's reasonable to expect it to start working towards the lows here here here finally here and down into this inefficiency okay so again don't just listen to this and say well yeah he said it and there it is go back and look at what I said go back and look at how I was calling the the macro perspective which is the weekly and daily now while we didn't look at a weekly chart the daily is a macro perspective that means it's a bigger time frame it's a whole lot more um weight attributed to very specific PD arrays and I'll I'll go over them in this lecture here as well so we use this Gap volume balance pseudo PD array blending both the characteristics and it was something I I simply wanted to do that um sometimes I'll do it if I have something like this where this Candlestick doesn't have a wick to touch this previous candlestick's Wick and the obviously the bodies are not touching okay um there's an absence of the wick that would touch here would make it a clearcut ICT volume imbalance but because it's not doing that I'm viewing it with that in mind where it's a blend or pseudo so in this Gap area here okay once we Trad it down below it we can grade that meaning that we're going to put a Fibonacci over top of it draw from the candlestick's close down to the open of the previous Candlestick okay so we're using Gap Theory there and all of these levels here you can see how we went down below the gap on this Candlestick and then we opened here on Monday of the week we just closed in trading so Monday we opened up here we traded up into lower quadrant of this inefficiency so trading here it doesn't even find its ability to get up into the consequent encroachment of that Gap being 21,8 3950 you can see that here see how it failed to go up up to that as I taught in 2024's mentorship on the YouTube channel when my PD arrays fail that shows a significance in directional bias when a pdra fails to get to its consequent encroachment if it's a gap or if it fails to get to its mean threshold an order block if it fails to do that whatever Direction it's moving in it's signaling if you will an excessive in terms of bullishness or bearishness so since we've taken the buy side here first and we start to trade lower our focus is on these lows here here here here and down as much as this inefficiency here and again the folks that are not students for the folks that just casually watch or if it's the first time you're watching it when you see a video like this and you look at the date you look at your your charts and you say well this guy's explaining something after the back to time site every anybody can do that which is why I started the video off with go back and look at the telegram Channel I call that stuff live it's time date stamped you can see it I never delete anything okay there's nothing ever ever ever deleted or edited ever in my telegram or on my Twitter SLX account I have never deleted anything so what I say either works or it doesn't Okay so on Monday we open trade up into the lower quadrant of that Gap and then breaks lower and attacks that low here next day on Tuesday we open small little rally higher and then we Dro lower again next day we open we have a mixed day so this is an inside day whenever there's a bias that's strong one-sided in other words if it's bullish or in this case we we'll use it here when we're bearish and we're looking for these lows and this low to be drawn to when the market breaks down like that and then creates a small inside day where the day's high is lower than the previous day's high and its low is higher than the previous day's low that's why we call it an inside day because this candlestick's range is inside the previous day's maximum daily range so in other words the day that doesn't break previous day's high and or previous day low is an inside day they are like a a spring being twisted and and compressed even Tighter and eventually when it's let go you have a lot of energy that's released and it goes usually in the direction of the bias which is the draw on liquidity these lows that low and this inefficiency as I guided this from the daily chart over the last couple weeks so the very next day on Thursday we open we trade higher and I'll explain why because a lot of my students some of you are YouTubers uh wanted me to go over why this was uh troubl for you know Finding shorts the open trading up into the high that fails to make even a tap back into the previous day's High it drops aggressively the largest range of the week and then trades through our Target here and the very next day on Friday we open trade down trade into the inefficiency here and then look at this monstrous return back up into the range on Thursday see that so I want to kind of bring to light a little bit more detail a lot of you know that I've taught and mentioned many times that you that that's my little handy dandy notepad Okay and I'm always asked many times what what information do I keep on my notepad and you know what am I keeping track of what am I writing down uh it's basically very specific price levels like this gap down in here this Gap I have annotated the high of it and the low of it and then the consequent encouragement of it so I want to have those levels noted inside of my notes where I don't want to have my my charts cluttered up with it as you'll see there's a whole lot of stuff I'm going to add here and if I have it on my chart it's very distracting the way I teach because you're learning how to use this information in the language I created for reading price action algorithmically it's beneficial for you to have your charts dressed this way because you won't be able to respect or build anic inity for their importance without having them noted in advance so that way you can watch them Real Time study them real time without taking a trade without even trying to demo trade it it's very important that you do that type of thing especially when back testing so when you're back testing and you're you're capturing things for like journaling which is all of what I'm showing you here this is basically I handdraw anything that I Journal so I I don't have the charts like this I don't need it because old school I'm kind of like stuck in my ways if I could go back in time you know 33 years you know before we were talking today and I had the tools that's at your disposal today as a as a Trader as a as a technician as a student I clearly would be doing it as I'm showing you here but I don't I don't have my charts dressed like this and I don't collect them I don't do those types of things I just simply handdraw in my journal you know the very things I'm showing you here because I can I can see it because I'm usually watching a handful of markets so if I'm drawing it out I know what I'm referring to and if I have to go back through charts historically it's easy for me to find them okay so all of these levels in here in this uh grading of that Gap that was there that low that low that low that low that low and this Gap in the individual three levels so it's not zone I'm not trading supply and demand zones the high of that which is the candlestick's low and the low of the gap which is this candlestick's high and then consequent encroachment which would be just simply the midpoint okay so those are the levels that I had written down on my notepad every single day I'm looking for new information that's derived from this daily time frame so as the weekly range starts here I'm watching all of this price action in here all of this is back and forth price action so this is all like a holding pattern so from this buy side liquidity and this low the Market's being held okay so the information isn't going to be as pure as it would be in a market that's a lot more fluid meaning that think of this as chaff okay or confusion or a smokees screen so if you had the ability or technology on this day here to look through all this like with an x-ray perspective if you will what would you see beyond the veil of this Candlestick here yes notice this immediate rebalance occurs inside of the close proximity of this Gap here we open on Wednesday here we trade up we touch the previous Monday low so when it does that that's an immediate rebound we'll see that on the lower time frame I'm watching these things occur as they form but I'm monitoring this level here because it's outside of this to the left of all of this back and forth holding pattern okay so what this all represents is time Distortion if we were to take all the candlesticks from this Candlestick here all these candlesticks all together up to here and just comprise all that data into just say three candles and then from this Candlestick here to this Candlestick here and we took all that range there and comprised inside of three candles alone this would look extremely fluid but it it wasn't like that was it it was very very Troublesome working inside these ranges there was a lot of give and take back and forth and a lot of basically consolidation chopped this and then one or two moves that occurred and that was it and if you weren't part of them you weren't really participating in the moves so what I'm doing is I'm looking through all of this to the left of it and my attention is right there this Gap is energetic away from the retracement went down here this low that created the cells side liquidity pool that we were aiming for this run here this is like a breakaway Gap it never came back back down in until later over here but that was after it made the high on the daily chart so that's alltime high so this Gap is very very important to me because of those very things if you missed it rewind it and listen to me again so I have a lot of focus in this General proximity when we're dropping down I am anticipating PD arrays the form because it's going to be using this old range so now we have the volume and balance here at the low the Gap and then this candlestick's low which is the high of the Gap extending it through all of the time Distortion of these candlesticks back and forth back and forth I'm not paying attention to any of that I'm looking back where the algorithm made it very clear left a very clear calling card that this is what it's going to refer to once the market rotates and goes lower so the market goes lower here and then we have two candlesticks in here where we can look for shorts inside of this Gap now when it when it Formed notice it was a buyid and bound sell side efficiency meaning that it's a fair value Gap with a volume imbalance but it was an up closed candle so that's a buy side imbalance sell side efficiency bisi bissy when the Market's delivering cells side reaching for sells side liquidity we're going to be looking for a overlapping of that same range but with Down Candles and we get here so now we're inside the Candlestick open here we trade up to the high of that Gap a't that beautiful see how that works and it's also my immediate rebounds the next Candlestick on Thursday we open we trade up we don't touch the high on the previous day we can't get to the high of the inefficiency over here and then we roll over and we start working towards running out the low the low the low the low here on the 19th of November and then we had the inefficiency I aimed for and gave you guidance before it happened so all of these levels here are also on my notepad now why don't I share these things why don't I give them to you because they're personal I promise you there's nothing secret about it there's nothing secret to it it's just these are levels that I'm watching and I'm using time of day I'm using the opening range the opening range Gap I'm looking for new week and new day opening gaps to come in agreement with these same levels in terms of where I believe the Market's being drawn to so I already get a million questions sent to me by way of my comment section my YouTube channel so many questions sent to me on my ex account on social media and I get so many emails I don't have any time to go through the plethora of emails I get all the time like I I can't keep up with it and if I was to provide you with all the levels that I'm looking at actively each week the ones that are Salient I share with you on the telegram Channel those are the ones I'm watching that are are are pertinent to what I think is useful for that day and for the most part you'll see that they're being utilized if I provide you more reasons to ask me more questions all that's going to do is create even more disenchantment for the folks that feel entitled that I I asked you something and I demand an answer and my response to those that might think that or feel that way I haven't responded to you or given you a direct answer it's because I know if you spend time with me and none of this is costing you any money okay and I promise you no one else called these moves like I did and it's not bragging I'm just being honest no one else outlined it like this this this is literally a th000 plus handles 2,000 almost so I mean think about it you up and then down and these are not little small little moves they're rather large so I'm not obligated to give you everything at your whim and and request but I do feel confident like I've always taught in the past if you hang out with me and you take good notes 99% of the questions you have that arise up in your mind while watching me they will be answered either because I'm going to re you revisit ideas that you probably didn't take notes on in the 24 content or you just simply aren't paying attention in the times I'm talking about it cuz sometimes I have videos that go a little bit past you know five minute threshold I'm confident that if you give it time and you hang out and you watch okay um if you were paying for this you'd be you you'd be more interested I think but because it's free you're just thinking well I'll wait until he gets my attention with something and if I haven't got your attention thus far I'm probably not somebody that you need to be looking at go look at somebody else um because what we're doing here is the doing the aspect of actually following what was actually taught on the YouTube channel I'm not lecturing and teaching something new I'm just showing you me using what I've already taught on the YouTube channel so if you give yourself the patience or develop the patience to to show up every day and take good notes I promise you majority of the things you're looking for in terms of getting an answer or a response a shortcut right to what you think gives you a better understanding um I I'm not I'm not a mentor like that I believe that you're going to learn by handson you're going to learn because your hands are involved in it you're going to be handling the price action each day you're going to be watching what I'm looking at and over time you're going to see these things tend to repeat and you're like oh wow this is I see how that's happening but this is the part that you don't see okay I I don't I've never shared this even when I was stilling paid mentorship I never gave them what was on my notepad and it's not me holding something back that makes it easier for them it's just these are the things that they should have already looked for because of what I taught so because there's a lot of people out there that copy me they take what I say and repeat it uh that's also the number one reason why I give guidance on setups on one minute charts because the time that it takes for the person that was in there trying to copy or parrot me they have to see that and then they have to figure out what I'm showing in that chart and by the time they figure it out the Market's already moving and they can't communicate that effectively to the people that they're trying to do signals for so that's the rhyme and reason why I'm doing it I can certainly do setups on on a 60-minute chart I could do it on a 4our chart I can do it on just a daily chart but I do it because I get abused a lot from other people that simply ride my coils and they want that and that's why they've always wanted me to do live sessions where I'm trading because you see how I trade you see it okay there's it's undeniable now okay but it it irks me it gets under my skin when I see people that have no Talent no class no cth and they'll pretend in their own country where the people that they're talking to and pretending that they figured this out themselves they have no idea who I am and that's not me trying to be more of a celebrity or something something like that it's it it gets under my skin so to eliminate that taking up space in my thinking in my concern while the markets are moving I do what makes me comfortable and again that that night might not mean that I'm the right Mentor for you that's why some of my students who have learned properly there's a few of them out there they don't know everything but there's a few of them that actually have made models based on the things I taught and they teach other people doing what they have done I have no problem with that because they give me credit they know that they learned it from me and they can see that I'm not trying to stand in front of them okay the folks I don't like are the ones that try to take my videos and put them in own native language and then try to get ad revenue or sell them as courses you didn't deserve that you didn't do the work for it and or the ones that pretend that they found it themselves or they use my language in my uh Vo ulary and Concepts and they claim it's w off or they claim it's Elliot wave or they claim it's something else those are the people I take those individuals is what I take odds with so it's just I'm not losing any sleep over mind you but I'm answering a lot of questions right now they may not be the questions that you have asked for but I get a lot of questions and I'm I'm responding to them in a blanket response here so as I said um the things that I'm watching outside of the daily ranges that we're watching Forum intraday are found from the daily chart okay so I'm watching how these price fluctuations move and they gravitate and gyate in between where I think it starts to move and where I believe it's going or the Terminus or the draw on liquidity and as new days develop new PD arrays on the daily chart I'm constantly referring to those ideas and I'm adding them to my notepad that's what you're here okay the this is simply just a little yellow notepad and an ink pen and me scribbling down levels from highest to lowest and as new ones form I'll add them okay and that's it that that's that's all I'm doing now that is not a secret weapon it's just the way I've always remained organized it is not the best way okay the best way for you as a student learning from me is simply Dress Your Chart like I'm showing you here okay I'm just not accustomed to doing it this way but I do it because there's no other way for me to communicate it to you so because you're learning how to do it you may get to the point where you know what you I'm going to try to do it with this method of of only having it written down your notepad I will say this um if you're used to seeing it on your chart it may be a little problematic when you're constantly looking away from the chart and looking at notepad annotations and because it's not the best way of doing it and I'm making sure you understand I I'm saying this my methodology of having it on a notepad is not the best it's not the optimal level of organization but it works for me because I'm old school okay um this this is the way I had to do it okay I had to have this information next to me while I was driving a truck okay so I had to have a job when I was younger and this is the way I stayed informed I would look at where price was in respect to this information you have the advantage of having it on your chart watching it and keeping it very organized and journaling it as it's being added to your chart so when you're journaling or when you're back testing or you're looking through old data collecting the information like this and keeping reference to it and in all these little empty spaces over here as you as you do the screenshots you should write down your annotations what you feel is pertinent what is Salient to you what is important observations that you've noted in price action or what You're Expecting and those are the things that majority of students not just in my fold but in everyone else's when they're learning how to trade that's one aspect of development that is not used or utilized enough for the student that means back testing and journaling because if you don't keep a record of your observations you're going to forget it if you don't celebrate the uh the recognition of seeing something as it as it forms live and you expecting it to do a certain thing or behave a certain way and it does it you need to celebrate those moments okay you have to immortalize them and the only way you can do that that makes sense is to journal it if you don't have a record of it it didn't happen or you'll forget about it easily and that's unfortunate because there's lots of you I'm sure if you would have been more organized in the beginning you'd probably be better off now as a Trader and you probably would have been better at getting to where you feel comfortable taking trades more consistently and not worrying about being wrong or losing if you would been organized and by having a a a a great deal of recordkeeping with journaling and back testing moves that have already happened when you buy a book okay when you buy a book about technical trading and and trade UPS you're not watching that real time but if you like that author if you like that methodology that they're teaching or promoting you look past that isn't that interesting you look past the fact that it's all hindsight because you see value in the fact that you're going to look for what they believe is the most important points to put into a book well I'm writing volumes okay I'm writing an encyclopedia of algorithmic price delivery every time I talk I'm giving you chapters of books that you're not finding the information anywhere else these things are never going to be retained by you unless you go through the information Journal it and then draw out of those examples that you can go back in your own charts and see when you immortalize them and have them in a journal and then you're really good at keeping record of where certain things are and I'm not even going to go into how that would be uh effectively done I just think that that's you know it's above my pay grade let's say it that way but let's get back to the discussion here we're going to drop down into an hourly chart here so everything that was on the daily chart okay has been shown over the context of a 60 Minute or 1 hour chart now okay so here's that daily volume balance Gap that I graded and then here is Sunday's opening by contrast in Friday settlement price so that's our new week opening Gap so we trade up in the lower quadrant of that daily volume balance pseudo Gap it trades the lower quadrant and then breaks aggressively trades back through the new week opening Gap notice that once it traded through it the downside it only found its way to finding a retest to the low of the new week opening gap or Friday's close it didn't have any interest at all in trading into the consequent cor of the new week opening Gap and then it traded lower does that indicate bullishness or bearishness exceedingly bearish why because it's not even interested in revisiting the midpoint or consequent cachent of the new week opening Gap notice that and the market falls off the to take the low here and trades down into that old bu balance sell sign efficiency that we now have traded down below here which makes this what an inversion fair value Gap so we want to watch to see it go up it t trades to the high of it and that's the immediate rebalance on the daily chart okay so when you're looking at these charts here the information I'm showing you here you want to create this in your own charts don't just simply take what I'm showing you here as notes and saying okay well I'm just going to use his and save myself the time you'll never learn doing that I had paid students that simply just did what I did every day for the market down this is what I did this is what I'm looking at this is what I was using this is what we were watching and then whatever charts I created in any annotations I had on them they use that and they're the same individuals today that don't know how to trade and they've been with me since 2016 not all of them but some of them I've had students from 2016 email me and beg me for me to pass their combine or their what do you call it the funded account Channel challenge could you just pass it for me and I'll trade it after that no that's lazy so you want to take this information here and spend maybe Sunday before the Market opens up and try to duplicate what you see here in your own charts and then anything you see extra you add you add to it that's important to you don't just take what I'm showing you here because these are the things that were important to me over time you're going to see a rhyme and reason of what I'm doing but it's not something I could write down in a book or show you in one video this is why I look at this and only this right now it it's what the Market's doing as we were talking about in the beginning on the daily chart that time Distortion you know it presented that there's going to be times where there isn't that much of a Time Distortion where the market just was range bound and and you idly just you back and forth trading it's frustrating when you want to see sustained price runs because you see retrac that you're not willing to hold on to where in other instances when it's not being held in consolidation in time Distortion the Market's easy to hold on to a price run because it's it's more fluid well for the first part of I guess uh December into um just recently this past week the Market's been strangled and being held in a very large trading range so there's things that I do based on what the market environment is showing at the time and there's so many things that I have in my toolbox I can only talk about them and it's always beforehand I'm always explaining to you why I believe the Market's going to go to a specific level because I'm showing you the levels I'm aiming for but the logic that's outside and above that is many times rooted on higher time frame charts at the very minimum daily okay so the market breaks down below that little buy side and balance cellid efficiency on the left side okay just just for clarity this box here okay let me go back up to the daily chart because I want you to see it that's this range here okay and we just extend it through all this mess and we're looking at this price action right here this little price action right there inside of this Gap that I've highlighted in uh I guess orange or whatever that would be that's this same area here okay this drop down here on the 1 hour chart this low right there that's occurring on the daily chart right there on this Candlestick okay so that way we're able to keep track of what's going on this is the price delivery Continuum okay so watching price how it behaves algorithmically on one time frame to the next time frame that's lower okay so with that in mind the market trades back up hits the high and then gives you the immediate rebalance on the daily chart so when it touches that line right there this moment at that very moment there that's this daily High touching Monday's low this is Tuesday's trading Wednesday's high is touching Monday's low that is an immediate rebounds because we have a sell bound U sell balance byid efficiency here when we opened up and then it completely rebalances in one session the same session that would if this Candlestick would had a lower high the Gap formed would be a traditional ICT fair value capap but it doesn't allow the fair back Gap to form because it goes immediately back up to the previous day's candle so those three candles that would otherwise May create a fair value Gap it denied it and completely rebalanced it as I taught you in 2024 and for the folks that were my paid mentorship years ago my my immediate rebalance is one of the strongest algorithmic signals when you have a directional bias it's either going to immediately start that Candlestick when it comes up and touches it and gives immediate rebounds in this case we're bearish it would have sold off aggressively on that candle or what the very next one and my paid students can call me a liar right now on X if I did not teach that I've taught it to you publicly in 2024 content as well so I have it all over the place you're not finding it in anything else okay wof didn't talk about that supply and demand doesn't talk about it Chris Lori didn't teach that um Larry Williams didn't touch it you know I can go through the Gambit of going through all these other people that people say I I borrowed their logic next candle if it doesn't drop precipitously as soon as it creates the immediate rebalance the very next candle is going to be like this take off and I'll ask you does it look like it took off to the downside on the next candle after the immediate rebounds I believe your I believe your daily chart looks like mine maybe not like this and annotations but it looks like that in terms of where it went so we have the immediate rebounds here and then Watch What Happens watch real closely the market goes back up inside of that inversion fair value Gap so we come back and we touch the high of it we dropped outside of it now it's validated okay we want to see it respect the lower half and disregard the upper half what does that look like here well this is consequent encroachment the 21, 319 level the market goes above that yes but does it come all the way back up to the high as it did here no it leaves a small little portion there so the market shows the bodies staying below the upper quadrant at 21, 358.15 yes the Wicks go above it but that's that's the part of the price action that's like a it's like a gray area it's not black and white finite and that's what makes trading a little bit more difficult for people that are stud or academic for instance like my uncle he was very very studious and academic he was book smart I'm not book smart I'm more Street Smart so I can see things and say okay well it's normal to color Outside the Lines cuz it was a I did that okay so here the bodies are telling you the story it's saying that okay it's done enough and it's not hitting the upper quadrant and even with the Wix going above that 21, 35825 level it's failing to go back to the high of that inversion fair value Gap that in itself is a signature okay so the next candle we open up trade up again fade it breaks aggressively but below relative equal lows and we get a little bit of a chopping back and forth in here on your on your charts and on your notes this Candlestick right here measure half of that right there which is consequent encouragement see the bodies respecting it there extend it Forward into these candlesticks here and you'll find something really neat even on the 15sec chart that's extra homework no extra charge the market breaks aggressively And Trades into our first Target of 20, 640 point 25 right in here and then the inefficiencies traded to on Friday that lower fair value you got on the daily chart that's this these this level here and this blue shaded area is this on the daily chart that's that low see it 20, 64025 and this Gap here is that blue box it trades down into there well that's occurring Thursday into Friday and we have a retracement back up into this inefficiency right there from the weekly perspective okay entire time when the Market's trading and moving in Direction I'm expecting it to do which is the 206 40.25 level and again go back and listen and look at the things I've highlighted those are levels that were given in advance they're not after the fact and say well look how pretty it is as the Market's dropping down I'm considering what the weekly range looks like and this is a crude depiction I I don't have a um I know some of my students have created indicators and I'm not about to start messing with them because I'll start going through everybody's version of it and I'll waste my time doing not to say that it's a waste of time having but my time right now is extremely limited so I I think about it like this the market opened up here on Sunday that's me drawing this line here that's this that price right there that high is this High here and as it's dropping down in my mind every day of the week I'm envisioning how it's going to trade down to that low and into this inefficiency so the low of the week is depicted here but in my mind I'm watching how it goes below this 206 40.25 as a draw in liquidity and the top of that so in my notes on my notepad I have this blue boxes high and then it just goes lower obviously and I just annotated it here so that's how I put my notes in in summary for my journal I write down that the weekly range ex extended through and just outside for like a mohawk with that candlesticks low right there but in my mind and throughout the week I'm watching just for the high of that to be traded to certainly this level here but that's my my my goal if you will okay that's my moral Victory whether I'm trading it or not if it trades there I feel good for myself and I tell myself well that was done well and I literally write that down and say you know that that analysis was done right or done well or I I feel good about what I did it was uh really accurate this week or I was accurate this week and I give myself those little bullet points because subconsciously my my subconscious will retain that like a sponge and even though there were problematic periods of the of this individual week it kind of like Smooths out those rough edges you want to be very supportive and much like a cheerleader for yourself in your own journal you don't want to pour it on so thick it's it's you're going to give yourself a diabetic coma but you want to be realistic about your encouragement to yourself right so this is a 15-minute time frame and this is the minimum that I think you should have in your Journal so if you've been watching what price has been doing and you're using these time frames the very minimum this is what you should have on your charts okay and I'll talk about other parts of the chart that were in my opinion Salient but you can include them on yours here is that daily Gap volume and balance as I mentioned before touching the lower quadrant of it and here and finally breaking away trading over top of the new week opening Gap and then trading right up to the week up and GAP low okay and then it drops from there and then it creates this smooth level in here and even there it just got to a point where I expected fully that it would likely try to upset this and to be honest with you uh I was surprised to see it left intact so I think that that might be something uh that may it Revisited you know in the next weeks or whatever barring any kind of major continuation on the sell off right but this is a really really logical level for liquidity that's being built up for anyone that's short and to to my thinking okay and think about it say this was the trade down below 19,000 on NASDAQ okay let's just say over the next couple months especially going into like May let's assume that we're in for a deeper selloff in my my mind if I was making the market for Nasdaq I would want to come up here and clear this out now I'm not saying just go up here buy a couple handles but maybe just like run up in here maybe up into this inefficiency entirely and then whatever roll over after that might be you know really exciting it's just something I have in my notes okay so I'm not trying to push it as a hard sell that this it's going to go up here to these to these highs I'm just saying that it's just really uncharacteristic for the market to leave something that smooth and straight line especially if it's going to be a precipitous drop later in the year you know what I mean so anyway uh the market trades below that former bid balance cell efficiency that when we traded below it here it changes its characteristic to that of a inversion fair value Gap so since it formed in the basis of a buyid balance efficiency when it changes its characteristic to what now bearish so what was usually bullish now is going to be used as a bearish PD array and this line is that line that I showed you is the immediate rebalance but you want to do your annotations on the daily chart and let them be seen or visible on the lower time frames okay it's really important you're able to do that this inefficiency here is the first one after the market rolls over at the beginning of the week so I want to grade that always and as you can see here we're using the volume in balance of this candlestick's close and this candlestick's high is the the low of that Cy okay we're not using this candlestick's low to this candlestick's High there's a slight difference between these two price points this candlestick's close is slightly higher than that of this candlestick's opening price so that is a volume imbalance so you want to make sure you're using that there and notice what's occurring in here these are the very things that I taught my private mentorship students okay and because it requires work it requires more than just a glance a passing you Peak at it on a chart because it takes time to make your charts annotate them screenshot them Journal them if you don't like that part of trading I promise you you will very much struggle with the adversities that come by way of just the natural progression and learning how to be consistently profitable and that's why most people can't find consistently profitable because they don't have the due diligence they don't have the wherewithal they don't have the commitment they don't have the tenacity to stick to something even though it's uncomfortable even though it doesn't put money in your pocket right away and that is back testing and journaling I promise you if you know someone that's uh just recently found themselves in terms of profitability one of two things are going to happen they're going to if they're honest they're going to reflect and say you know what I probably would have been better off if I would have been much more organized and I did these types of things I would have been able to pick up on my problems and my errors and then repeating occurrences where I'm holding myself back or their temporary success falls apart because they didn't do this part okay so it's real important that you take away from this is that being organized journaling and getting the information out of old moves that's your best teacher not ICT not the guy or G that you're paying as a mentor the back testing and hindsight those are your best teachers and when you remove the stigmatism that's placed on hindsight hindsight hindsight I mean if you're trying to promote a signal service and you're only showing what you did right then obviously there's a problem here but if someone has a signal service and you're able to say here's what I'm seeing right now this is what I believe Mark's going to happen to go here or go there and I believe a stop loss at this price level and you're able to see that for a month or two consistently then I think that person earned a measure of attention that's you know afforded them otherwise hindsight is not beneficial there but any form of Education all forms of education has a considerable amount of hindsight and when you go through your charts like I'm showing you here you're building up your understanding at your own pace and no one can look at your charts unless you share them publicly which you shouldn't do you never feel like you got to keep up with everybody else and no one's going to criticize your charts because they're private they're yours and that's an incredibly important facet to developing properly but this inefficiency here I grade that okay so the very first inefficiency that forms once the week starts really important it's along the same premise as the first present the fair value Gap like a new week opening Gap you extend them throughout the entirety of the week and they're going to be utilized again but in this case here because we have a directional bias it's bearish the high of it to the low of it and then the consequent cachent look at the consequent cachent midpoint see how the bodies are respecting that yes there's little iner Wick above it but that's permitted that's just like coloring Outside the Lines this is indicating that we're not likely to go higher so if we're not likely to go higher and we can't even close in this little portion here to that candlestick's high and that candlestick's low that makes this a candidate for a breakaway Gap it's also occurring right at the low of the new week opening Gap see how these things blend together so when you're doing your annotations you have to really spend some time put some calming music on or some driving music you know that you really like that makes you feel good that it has your uh your attention up you should not be listening to some crazy wacky rave music where you're when you're trading because you don't want to be elevated your your your focus needs to be 100% dialed in and no additional stimuli it should be calming very very simple calming but studying and back testing that's where you want to have the high energy you want to you want to feel like you're in that movie and you're the main character and they had that awesome soundtrack playing like for instance since mob's uh song from heat when that movie came out that was like my go-to song you know when when alucino is uh racing you know the chase you after alucino and he it just it's just instrumental song is awesome awesome awesome track and that was like my that was my joint like that was my jam when I would back test and you look at old data and stuff wonderful wonderful way of of this stay energetic it might be a little too old school for some of you I think it's a Timeless uh track it sounds awesome but whatever you like listening to when you're back testing make it fun make it like almost like a form of meditation some of you guys and girls that you know go to the gym you work out you've had the condition yourself to do that you have to tell yourself this is what I'm going to do this is part of who I am as a Trader this is what you have to do if you really want to be organized if you really want to have the visibility to see setups that the average person and trading isn't going to see you do these things notice that I've shown basically three perspectives just on this one 15minute time frame and it changed just in this area here three different screenshots but look at the level of clarity and depth of view of seeing what price is doing when you do these types of things I I'm going to say it again and it sounds like a cop out answer okay but it's the truth when you guys ask me collectively in all forms of medium why am I looking at that Gap why am I not looking at this and why am I not looking it's because I'm showing you what I've done over the years that trains my focus into looking at these types of gaps when there's not just one level of information being presented to you with that one Gap there has to be other things in agreement it's like a Confluence of things so just simply because there's a three candle formation and there's a down closed candle in the middle of the three candles that doesn't mean it's a an inefficiency that I'm concerned about it has to have something along the lines of time well what's the time aspect here it's the very first displacement after the start of the week in the direction of my you know my draw in liquidity which is the a lot lower on the daily chart because it's the first one I want to see does it perform and show signatures of breakaway Breakaway means it's like Rocket Fuel it's going to really set my my directional bias on fire in terms of the the magnitude the speed the the verocity into how fast it wants to go there those are the types of Trades I'm teaching students to learn look for not just the average one to one type thing they're easy bread and butter stuff I've taught you that it's all over the YouTube channel but to be exceptional to Be A Cut Above everyone else in finding setups that absolutely destroy and lay shame on everything else out there you have to look for things like this and over time it makes your technical analysis technical science it makes your ability to see these setups Crystal Clear laser guided okay it's like having uh well I can go on and on it's going to sound like bragging and and sometimes it hurts everybody's fings that aren't really here to learn but when we had this delivery here below that or bide andb balance Sid efficiency it acts as a inversion Fair Val Gap scrubbing over to the right a little bit that's that move we just talked about here and it climbs up look how it uses the low of that old B B cell efficiency but we're expecting it to perform as a inversion fair value Gap look how it uses the the grading or the you the quadrant levels that's been added to it low lower quadrant lower quadrant B's just outside of it a little bit and then rallies up lower quadrant consequent encroachment High immediate rebounds on the daily chart Monday's low it touches okay so Wednesday trades up to Monday's low immediate rebalance on The Daily then add that annotation there you have to be diligent about keeping record of what levels you have when you're doing your back testing and journaling when you take your screenshots you have to add the information that helps you keep track of what you're looking at on the lower time frames just putting a line on it from a daily chart or weekly chart you're going to lose the location and the importance of what it is it what is it talking about what is it sh what's the story behind that level if you don't add the annotations to the levels or the PD arrays you're going to get lost in the sauce so the market drops from here outside of it once more so that valid Ates this now as an inversion fair value Gap so we're going to watch this midpoint to the high we want to see it disregard this upper portion the market trades up creates the low when that Candlestick rate the low of the inversion fair value got trades down here G reach around the consequent encroachment shoots up in the upper quadrant fails to touch the upper half and anything rolling over from there is ideal what is this low and this low you can't recognize it easily when it's zoomed in like this because you're too close to the the trees to see the forest these would be relative equal lows on the daily chart but right here watch what we're doing we're going to scrub over and that's here Market breaks down trades precipitously lower and then we have this Gap here why am I not using this one here because it left that inversion fair value Gap I naturally want to see that always act as a breakaway Gap okay that's for the people that are paying attention no extra charge but the next one after that we've taken this low out and we traded into liquidity now we're going to have to use this information here so this candlestick's low this candlestick's high grade that look at the body stopping rate of consequent encroachment the Wicks are allowed to do damage but notice they're not going higher each time they're going lower and in lower quadrant here breaks aggressively lower and then trades into our 20, 64025 level and then into the buy sign B cell sign efficiency that I gave you as the low-end Target on the daily chart for Nasdaq and then on Friday we see it trade down just outside of it a little bit rallies higher drops down once more and then pumps up into the old Target or initial Target I gave you at U the 20,000 I think was 943 or something here we have the range here shown on a 1 minute chart it drops down here Works inside that inefficiency using the quadrant levels and breaks down trades lower on Thursday this is the part of the review that I told i' give you here's Thursday's opening range Gap and you can see it with the regular trading hours so here's the opening price at 930 and regular trading hour settlement price which when we have an opening price that's higher at 9:30 eastern time if it's higher than regular trading hours previous settlement that means you're going to have a premium gap opening and that's the regular trading hour settlement price will become the opening range Gap low and reverse that when you have a 930 opening price that's below regular trading hours settlement price that means you'd have a discount gap or a lower gap opening and that means it would be the opening range Gap high so this level always has two names initially it's the regular trading hours pre previous settlement price until we get to 930 and then depending upon where that 930 opening is in proximity to this level which is the regular trading hour settlement price it's either a gap higher or a gap lower and then you change the name of this level to opening G range Gap high or low based on the proximity of the opening price at 930 and and it sounds much more complicated than what it what it just sounded like it's easy it's really really easy it's either we open higher at 9:30 where we settled at the previous day using regular trading hours or we open lower okay and then label it based on that so we open up inside the inversion fair value Gap okay um we fail to get to the upper half we break lower aggressively and notice it doesn't even do a return back to the first restive fair value Gap it doesn't even come back up and touch consequent encroachment it just falls out of bed aggressively and it doesn't even come back and touch the low of the inversion Fair Gap it just gives you the opening range Gap low which is what I gave guidance on once I saw it was not giving me anything to to basically get short on I wanted to see if it was going to try to pump outside of the inversion Fair Gap CU I I was concerned that we were going to get a little bit of static in there first and then come down and do the U 70% likelihood of the mid Gap being filled which was here okay this this white line level this level here is midgap or consequent encroachment from the difference between this candlestick's opening price this candlestick's closing price I'm sorry this candlestick's opening price this candlestick's closing price I'm not sure if I said that right upper quadrant consequent cent of the opening range Gap the opening range Gap is between these two darker lines here 70% of the time the market will retrace back to half that Gap well it does that and then just keeps on falling outside of the daily inversion fair value Gap so my attention went to okay well we're not showing any importance placed on any the levels I have inside that inversion everybody got it's exceedingly what weak so if it's weak my bias is bearish we're going to get down here real quick so the only thing I could do is what I gave guidance I said the opening range Gap low is providing or Lending resistance here and that was pretty much all you get you have a small little institutional overflow entry drill here then you have an inversion Fairway Gap here I'm not adding all that because when broke down here this is a bearish fair value Gap trade up into that and now it's all she wrote breaks aggressively lower and as we trade it down into it you know tick or tape Parade yay ran on this again and and then I went I was done for the day with telegram and the market retraced back up into and Consolidated and then created an afternoon session run as I taught recently and in 2024 content paid mentorship students learned this also in the day trading modules you can all you can find all this stuff in the lectures on my YouTube channel so 1:30 p.m. eastern time to 2 o'clock that's your opening range for the afternoon session same thing we do at 9:30 to 10 o'clock in the morning for the opening range in the morning session at the opening about 9:30 well your afternoon session you want to use this 30 minute period okay I don't care all these people out here talking about 15 minute ranges and stuff it's it's always 30 minutes okay I promise you the algorithm is using 30 minutes of initial range it's 9:30 to 10:00 and then at afternoon it's 1:30 to 2:00 do not take my word for it start charting this way and you'll see exactly what I'm saying it's there every single day so small little Gap in here but the largest most prominent one is here so Market trades up into that the body stay inside of it respects it and then breaks away during the 150 to 210 macro as you would expect in the direction we're looking for it trades down lower it trades below the 20943 level which is February 3rd sside liquidity pool daily chart look at that these are levels I gave you in advance before it happened the market trades down consolidates in here into the 250 to 310 Max using this sell bound SP efficiency it fails to do what work inside the upper half that's exactly what you want to see it do the algorithm is flagging and saying hey hello I'm about to go lower quickly and then the market drops out during the uh 250 to 310 macro one more fair value Gap in here and it Dives down in and then you have Market on close which is the 350 to four o'clock that last little flurry of activity where the markets are being driven algorithmically and the market drives down one more time below the November 19th 2024 low for the cell side Dives down and Falls just short of that old inefficiency that I told you it would be a Target on the downside on the daily chart okay and on Friday I was not able to spend time with you all I was like I said I was you know in my fields and and doing things in my personal time opening range Gap and first a fair Val Gap in white so the market trades down into it there rallies up one more time digs down into it and then we have this little Gap here I wasn't watching at the time otherwise I would have bought it there but inside here once we traded down into that I went long and aimed for just a simple little buy side liquidity pull they got out on this run here and it retraced all the way back down in went lower than the first FA value Gap but didn't take out the low so it's the lower quadrant of that blue shaded area on the daily chart so remember with this blue shaded areas is the very first chart I showed at this recording go and add your gradients on that level based on the daily chart and you'll see where it's trading down to here then it rallies back up above the opening range gap down into first restive fair value Gap once more for the afternoon session and then rallies Up And Trades back to February 3D's old daily low at 20943 so it's a really nice run but I'll show you some executions here here is the and I can't obviously show you that the the markets are open at the time when I made the recording here um this is Market close if you do Market replay you won't be able to see this so that's why it looks like this that's why I'm doing that okay now for the for the guys that keep asking why am I always showing this it's the a constant reminder that when I'm executing and when I'm calling this stuff live in telegram any execution you see me doing is not on Market replay it's live market executions okay so I went long into this Gap here and then these relative equal highs there's buy side there and there you go so I'm highlighting there so you can see the actual little car entry right there at the top of that Gap that was my entry and then the price level you can see at 20685 point2 uh that is right in this proximity which is right above here is what I was aiming for and that's what that exit is so it's a quick little you know grocery getter type uh setup simple easy and then after it takes my target that I gave you on the daily chart then I can start working towards doing reversal patterns with a greater degree of confidence that's it for this one folks I hope you found insightful I appreciate your patience and not getting on me about not delivering on the Thursday and the Friday so until I talk to you on Monday Lord willing enjoy your weekend be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - Telegram Commentary Market Review 02/25/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfX77zCR_NM
================================================================================

good morning folks I apologize for my tardiness I was supposed to do this review last night but my sons had an issue at their home had to take care of that and here we are so uh the NASDAQ right so I talked about yesterday in the telegram Channel I started the morning session off with a very modest bullish bias and I'll explain what that meant and for the folks that are brand new or just simply just don't understand what it is I'm referring to um I started the morning session off very very early with an annotation posting an interest in the 20,000 4 30 level which is this low here this was yesterday's low it was trading in that direction okay what I wanted to see it do was go up into the 214537 five level and I told everybody these levels here I went through the charts from daily down to 1 hour 15 minute 5 minute 1 minute chart and what I wanted to see was I wanted to see it go up initially and then gravitate down towards this low that was the whole premise the first post I gave yesterday in telegram channel was this level here which was this low so obviously you can see the market did in fact try to work towards W that level but it failed to get to its old low I don't think we're done okay I think that it's still viable it's still likely but it needs to do you know shortterm retracing consolidations before it eventually gets down there and then this low here okay so um you're probably thinking why am I jumping over these two here well because if it's going to go below here and accelerate why just take these lows out when this one here is your base before all of this rally up okay so we cleared all these relative equal highs out once we work this volume of balance rallied higher and then you're probably thinking oh you just said a volume of balance because it was labeled as kind of like a pseudo volume imbalance um it's a gap but I use some of the rules for volume imbalances in there you can see how it was a very challenging area here then right above like we were looking for and then gave up The Ghost and and broke lower but I I posted these levels in here yesterday and I'll show you on the 60-minute chart and that's what it looks like here and that's where the buy side was initially and then this inefficiency from here that low this candlestick's High I refined it further as we went lower so we go into a 15-minute time frame and then there's the candlestick's low and then this candlestick's high that was the inefficiency and see how smooth that is really really smooth and I wanted to see it at the open in here I wanted to see it go up and unsettle that make that Jagged and then trade down into the first level I gave yesterday morning really early which doesn't appear to show up on this time frame but basically this this level right there okay you can see we got real close to it this just simply didn't go up here and take the buy side okay so that's not a incorrect bias okay it's an idea to anticipate the daily range forming so in other words where it opens we want to see it trade out create a g swing and then trade down to the level I gave guidance on at 20943 I'll drop down to a 5 minute chart okay and 9:3 opening price again I wanted to see it get above this box which we'll see on the one minute chart I wanted to see it act as an inversion fair value Gap I want to see it trade above it come back down in respect only the upper half then display place in the next fa value Gap after that I would have used to get long to run into that buy side then take the long off then look for a short if it would have broke below first res fair value Gap after taking the buy side that would have been a very very easy model setup that I'm trying to employ for 2025 but it just simply wasn't able to do that just did not have any kind of interest at all to want to go higher it just melted just kept going lower dropping down into a one minute chart here's your new day opening Gap right and there's your 20943 level what I had in mind at the beginning of the telegram broadcast test yesterday for February 25th 2025 all right so let's get in here and break this down real quick because I don't want this to be a very long video so up here is the buy side and where all those smooth Highs are so if we keep going back to the left it's all of these highs all what I showed on the 15-minute time frame in the one hour chart so we have the opening price here right there on that Candlestick and then we break down we create the very first fair value gap which is this little blue one and I wanted to see it trade above this inefficiency I'm using the volume and balance in here for the low it and I want to see it trade above it and close outside of it now it has to do this after 930 so here's 9:30 so I want to see it trade above this that's what I had in mind I had a modest bullish bias which was limited to the very thing I noted these smooth highs I said they were suspect they're too smooth okay so if you're a student of mine you know what that means that we're likely to go up there and make that smooth edge Jagged so that means it's going to do what go up there disrupt it and then what was the other level I started the day with 20943 okay so that's why I emphasized I have a modest bullish bias in initially going into the opening because I wanted to see it go up into these things just simply go look at the the posts folks I get it there's going to be people that simply want to take things out of context because they want to sound smart but they're looking foolish so the point is I wanted to see it trade after 9:30 I want to see it trade above this inefficiency and act as a bullish in bullish inversion fair value get tongue twister rallies up and if it comes back down and supports price and doesn't go back in the lower half of it then I want to see it make a run on here but I have to see this inversion fair value Gap produce the support structure then a small little one minute inversion fair value Gap then I could have went long there and that would have been a run into that so I would have used whatever that little short-term Scout would have been to take that exit reverse and then go lower and then if it would have went below the first presented fair value Gap I would have added or pyramided another entry there but as you can see it just simply did not give that run up there it just stayed extremely heavy and is folded over now this inefficiency I going to I think it's a 15minute time frame I didn't label it this is why you want to label your stuff when you're doing your annotations yeah it's the 15-minute time frame so this this inefficiency I had that noted as well um it broke through it and came back up acted as resistance but the long and short of it is we had no interest at all to go up and clear that smooth area of buy side so I had to eventually just get in line with what the market was doing and look for shorts Market trades up into the lower half of that fair value Gap it breaks lower we have a fair value Gap there and I said we'll see if this want to behave as an inversion fair value Gap if it fails to do so it breaks down below it then it means the consequent encroachment should be a what a barrier to it so it's Failure to Launch off of this inversion fair value Gap there's where your entry you can go short there we have a fair value Gap here that's a Cy trades up to consequent encroachment there trades up into lower quadrant fells off volume and balance noted all these things were noted as it was happening posting it on the chart I I tried to do yesterday very little text scriptions and I let the chart do the talking because there's a language barrier still for a lot of you that don't know how to I guess follow me in English um I'm trying to make it where it's visual so if I'm showing you a chart and I'm drawing annotations to it it goes into a an area where I don't have to say anything you know you know what I'm pointing at out and interest in you know what I'm showing uh attention to so that way you can kind of like follow along without having to have any language barrier being issued so volume IM balance here trades up hits it sells off and then we have one more area in here where I wanted to see this stay open it did it broke down and I said this was the last line of the fence which was this little Gap in here and I wanted to see that basically act as an inversion pay Gap and initially it showed signs that it was wanting to it got down in here and then once we entered back into the upper half of it that was all she wrote okay so that means it was going to ret Trace back up in stop me out which is what it did and it was in in profit I took partials along the way and you're welcome to go and look at the telegram and see how the trade was managed and where the partials were taken initially I took um more off in the beginning of the trade because I wasn't comfortable holding the the risk that was on the trade because I was put off by not seeing these relative equal highs taken and all of this banging around in here just made me more reluctant to hold the size and it wasn't even that big of a trade but just for me to be able to call it live and and and manage it live in front of everybody you it's like 880,000 88,000 people in there now um I wanted to make sure that you saw me do those types of things not just simply you I could put a position on 30 contracts you know and then walk it down there and be like yeah this is easy yesterday was not easy it has not been easy for the last well since 20125 started so I want you to know as I said on X if anybody's trying to promote the idea that trading right now is very easy they're Liars okay and they're just trying to make an image for themselves I promise you they're sweating everybody's feeling it it's hard so you have to be very very Nimble meaning that you have to be very careful how much risk you're putting on the trade and you have to be dialed in incredibly tight because if you don't know what it is that you're trying to do and you don't know what the Market's in a high degree of probability likely to do next and that's very hard to determine right now even for me because it's a great deal of manipulation going on and the volatility is absolutely insane so that climate that condition that that environment for trading makes it extremely difficult and these young young guys that come out there and they just recently started to learn how to trade they're letting their initial luck blind them into thinking they're far better than they really are and I I I experienced that too in the when I was 20 years old but you given enough time these markets if it stays in this type of environment it's going to slap people around and eventually it's going to slap me I'm gonna I'm going to get it wrong in front of you legitimately get it wrong and it's okay when it happens it's going to be okay for you to see it it's going to be okay for me to endure it because I'm letting you know in advance that these are very challenging conditions even for Me So eventually uh the market did trade back up higher and we made a lower low than these relative equal lows here but that was it and then we retraced back all the way in through the afternoon and let's take a look at what we have going forward here's our new day open Gap let's mark those real quick and so we have basically ran out a level I was watching before I sat to do this recording here I think we're going to return back into uh oh there it is buy side here after they unsettled these these lower smooth lows that's what I was looking at up here and it went down took that and then this was the next objective here and it has done that I think that it would be if it doesn't completely fall out a bed return back to yesterday's first present the fair value Gap and then maybe go up into those smooth highs which are uh here so looking at 214537 5 even trading up there um it is not something that would unsettle the overall bearishness see all the highs here High there here and there so there's there's a nice pool of liquidity there in the form of buy stops so even if it went up there and knock those individuals out and then resume going lower or go higher that's that's the benefit of looking at the things I'm teaching it doesn't require to be correct about bias it doesn't require that we're looking for logical easy low hanging fruit objectives for liquidity to be tapped into and if we focus on that and make that our sole purpose in in framing setups it makes the whole aspect of uh sitting down and hunting setups a lot more fun because it's not a lot of moving parts to the equation it's simple you're just looking for things that need to be made Jagged okay and we've done that down here after we've had a series of almost a week of straight down days so again going in this morning I will be looking for some reason to see price go higher until it forms some kind of a contrarian you know setup that tells me I'm wrong in that aspect so then I would eventually get in line with the market like I did yesterday so again I'm not trying to pick the bottom I'm just looking for The Logical easy expectation would be everybody is bearish right now like everybody wants a short everybody has a short on that's my that's my thinking right now so where's the pain going to be most felt for the individuals that are short and they're going to squeeze on them it doesn't mean it's going to go up a th000 points doesn't mean it's going to go up 500 points just means that it can go up a couple hundred points and that's nothing in a grand scheme of things if we're ultimately going to go down to levels like that low and these lows here because they're relatively equal and we're just banging still into this very large trading range and that range is sloppy it's not well organized which makes it again very very challenging to pick the right levels to to get in with a very small risk stoploss and it's just it's very challenging and I'm just going to leave it at that I don't want to beat the beat a dead horse but it really is that that straight and cut forward it really is that clear and cut straightforward that it's challenging at this moment so if you're feeling it if you've been apprehensive or reluctant to take a trade great that's exactly how you should feel right now because unless you know what you're doing and you know exactly how your model is to be implemented chances are you're probably going to end up getting hurt or losing money or going into the draw down simply because you're trying to trade because there's opportunity based on the time and the market being open that is not what a professional mindset Trader does they for high probabilities with low risk and easy framework where it's just almost like a guarantee that they're right on their Direction it's likely to go this very clear level and they're weak for their setups and that's not easy to do right now so hope you found this insightful I'll talk to you later on the telegram Channel until then be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NY Lunch Macro Rules & PM Session & Final RTH Hour Of Trading 02/24/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hkZEQiB02U
================================================================================

e welcome back folks so we're going to be looking at the New York launch macro and the PM session so one of the things I wanted to cover this year in the 2025 lecture series is I wanted to show how using the intraday profiles of how the high the low where the open and close nest in that daily range and the effects of that and this morning following rules obviously uh after a very large down day on Friday I teach my students to avoid the morning session okay so try to avoid that initial price action because it could be problematic it could be stagnant it could be difficult it could be very hard to navigate and sometimes you'll get days like this where it just opens up and then you can see obviously lower right hand corner here it's regular trading hours that's the setting on my chart for NQ h202 5 notice the relative equal highs here the Market opens runs up above that clears that out that's the opening range Gap High in the previous earlier trading hours settlement price is this Candlestick to close which is the opening range Gap low for today so the Market opens trades higher goes back down into the Gap so we have a 50% retracement to the middle of that opening range Gap that's always a 70% likelihood then the market comes down trades to the low of the opening range Gap then comes back up to the midpoint of that Gap okay so you're going to be measuring this on your own chart so that's something for you to have in your journal and then the market breaks aggressively lower carries all the way through crosses over the 10:00 hour so the first 30 minutes of trading which is the opening range we have just a complete meltdown waterfall of price action as I mentioned earlier this this morning if I would have been giving tape reading I believe that I may have inspired someone to do something that may not have been helpful for them or maybe it would have caused a concern to chase price and I only know that because I see people leaving comments in my YouTube videos and they'll say you know I I didn't get as good as Phil as you did but I got this much or I made this much and I want to be very honest with you when I'm doing the tape reading with you that is not a signal service it's not meant for you to try to copy me it's not meant for you to try to take live trades now obviously you're all in control of what you're going to do and what you're not going to do you can't blame me for making you money and you can't blame me for causing you to lose any money because I'm telling you it's not a signal service what you do in your own trading based on what I'm sharing is my opinion I don't want to know about it okay I don't want to know about it if it's good or or bad when you tell me those things it inherently makes me nervous because I am not going to be responsible for the results that you have so because my rules and my mentorship have taught this every lecture around large range days the very next morning session I teach my students to sit still so what does that mean for index Futures well that means for the first one hour trading you you can't do anything you can't do anything so from 9:30 to 10:30 you can't take any trades now that's very simple role-based ideaa here because we had a cascading of price from the high all the way down into and past 10:00 now we have the opening range behind us so what's left in the wake of that drop well we have a small little Gap here and we have an order block we have this Gap in here but really there's no real run in any of this on buy side so I kind of quickly went through a review if you will of the trade I did based on the New York lunch macro now the New York lunch macro is just a retracement inside of the entire daily range up to on a down day the low and the high okay so because it's been exceedingly weak this morning the market is more likely to go back into that range and seek what buy side now here's the wonderful thing about that even if this were to continuously go higher and not go and roll over to go lower in the afternoon you're still likely to get something some kind of meat on the bone for a trade idea but it requires certain things okay so I'm going to walk you through it a little bit more detail than I gave in the previous video and how this ties into how we can engage in the afternoon session or PM session and then use that information to really Shine the Light on what price action may do in the last hour of repet trting hours so at 10:00 this is what you're doing for the lunch macro okay these are the rules for it okay it's very simple I was going to put this in a book and be its own little chapter but I'm going to teach it to you here okay I know it's going to end up in everybody's mentorship just make sure that you copy me exactly what I'm saying here don't copy my video don't take my video and change it into your language do the work of making your own chart and then repeat verbatim that way when the people listen to you and you don't mention my name because you don't want anybody to know that I'm teaching this stuff for free at least they'll know how to do it correctly okay so when a market move takes place in the day at the opening Bell here and we trade all the way down one directional and there's no run on any minor buy side liquidity pool notice that no short-term high was taken in any of this drop when that occurs you're setting yourself up to see a retracement going back in that range now how far of a retracement what is the rules for my my New York lunch macro your time filter is 10:00 a.m. so at 10:00 in the morning put a vertical line on that and I just put a line segment so that way it's nice and easy to see everything every individual candlesticks high and low from that point there walk forward in time going to the right as soon as you start here go all the way up through all this price action and then start working your way to the right what's the first High you come to this one see how easy that is that is not complicated and it's also not in any of your other books nobody else talked about this I'm giving you this because it's a Dandy of an idea because it's rule-based just like my Silver Bullet is there are certain criteria certain conditions where these one trick pony type setups that I have simply work wonderful and in trading if there is an algorithm and I know some of you don't believe there is if there is an algorithm it would refer to things like this very specific time elements first and then price elements and when you blend those two together to get a narrative we saw price create a short-term low here I don't need to be long from that I don't need to be short to capture that low what I'm waiting for is I want to see the market trade back up into a premium array it does so here trades lower comes back down and in this swing low I want to see does it fail to break that low real important okay because it could have taken that low out okay then I would have to use a different strategy or do nothing and trade in the afternoon only but because it does not take out that low on this pass down lower then I'm likely to see what a return back into that first high that formed after 10:00 so that's why I'm picking that specific high for the dozens of you that left the comment in the video saying why did I pick that high now you know ain't it easy very easy the rules won't change now for those that are contemplating on how this would be done if it was a day where it was going up precipitously in the beginning you would simply use the 10:00 hour at 10:00 move to the right and the first swing low you come to that's the low that the New York lunch macro will reprice to or at least that's the one I'm going to aim for okay very very very simple strategy no one's ever talked about it you never find it in another book but I promise you in 30 days or less someone's going to be sitting down and and writing a little pamphlet for Amazon so they can sell this idea like it was theirs and I'll hear about it and then I'll go into your little reviews and I'll say this was taught for free on Inner Circle Traders YouTube video in this channel like I've done with other people that wrote books and you look silly then okay so people won't be buying your book there either so the idea of that 10 o'clock hour it closes the opening range okay that's that's why 10 o'clock is significant so we have the opening range behind us so because of that being the case the algorithm now has a frame of reference what PD arrays exist in that 30 minutes of trading from 9:30 a.m. eastern time to 10:00 eastern time what's the first presented fair value Gap what is the liquidity that's offered in there in terms of minor and sell side and minor buy side well since we dropped it's reasonable to anticipate the market likely retracing but to where we don't need vop we don't need all the other things they're gimmicks the algorithm has absolutely no respect for a bwap zero none period so if I see this low in here as it's approaching it here I want to see it fail to take that low at a time when price should be showing what spooling where it's starting to run for liquidity so let's zoom in a little bit here here's that 10:00 hour again that's our time filter so we go to the right at that time and we find the first first High whatever the highest high that forms immediately after 10:00 that's the one we're aiming for that's the lunch macro that's exactly the lwh hanging fruit objective for the lunch macro now in the recording this morning before the fact I had already used this one but I also said that this one here would be potentially another scenario where it could trade up into that now you're looking at that and you're thinking wow he forgot the use the inversion fair value Gap High and the inversion fair value Gap low yes I did but between these two candlesticks Wicks that's enough to to Zer in on another area of potential upside after it takes this High out right there this Gap here becomes an inversion Fair B Gap and you see me do this actually in the recording so I'm annotating all these things now for the guy that left the comment saying that uh I was full of crap that I recorded the video and spoke over I actually did speak over the video but you can't take away all the things I was annotating where my stop loss was the entire trade I'm just giving you the details because I've had a lot of things going on in the house today that kept me from being as engaged as I normally would be so I understand that there's you know men out there that just simply can't do this themselves and they're hateful but your comments get deleted I never never see you again but just pay attention because I'm trying to teach you still That Swing Low after 10:00 when the market comes down I use that closing price it's a rejection block look at month four of the 2016 ICT mentorship playlist it's on my YouTube channel that is my paid mentorship you can go there and study what a rejection block is it's its own video and they're not very long so that is a rejection block the Market's going to trade down through that and then I want to see does it in fact reject there well here we have it it's going higher and then we have this buy side and bound sell sign and efficiency and as we trade higher Above This short-term High we have a market structure shift that's bullish so now we have scenarios overlaying and overlapping one another converging with the idea that this could potentially be reversing intraday and I don't care at this time if is going to take out the relative equal lows I don't I don't care about that yet I want to see after we take that short-term High out we do so here I don't need it on a closing basis go back and listen to what I taught in 2022 2024 Market structure shifts do not require a close above or close below stop listening to people that did not take good notes when watching my videos then we have an immediate rebalance okay immediate rebalance is this candlestick's High which essentially is the low of this bu sign balance cell sign efficiency that's shaded in blue and the next candle opens here trades down I'm buying in that watch the recording it's already on the YouTube channel it's a video right for right for this one but because it's touching these two candlesticks price points the high here and the low of that candle and it's converging with the low of the Bice B cell efficiency that makes it an extremely likely scenario that it's going to go higher and it does so it re repels from there and then continues its Market structure shift to the upside goes into this inefficiency here retraces a little bit into this Gap and then rallies up inversion fair value Gap bullish fair value Gap trades to the Target I aimed for and the logic that gets to a lunch hour in New York macro the macro all macros are little scripts in the algorithm okay the little little tiny list of directives and instructions start doing this and do this to this degree to this direction by this much time okay so I'm not going to teach you all the facets to that but I'm pointing you at the time of the day and where these functions usually come in and create these opportunities over time you're going to start seeing these repeating phenomenon and you'll be convinced that there is an algorithm but initially it just seems like Cherry Picked trades and I get it I understand that but when you practice it yourself and start back testing you will see more fruits and evidence to these things being the very things I'm telling you they are and eventually after we trade into this buy set B sell set efficiency it rallies again create another higher high and then we have a order block which is when we have a wick above the Candlestick and then the open we want to use that frame of reference okay so it's not always just the opening price that's the change in state of delivery is the high of the wick when do you use the Wicks when do you use the opening price well again because the Wicks are there you have to use that information and that's show shown to you here in the dash line comes down bullish run up comes back down finds the high of this buy balance efficiency note the volume imbalances the market stops dead in its tracks with its bodies wonderful delivery there into the upper objective I gave you during the recording this morning at the time of that recording and when I was talking over top it it only took a couple minutes for it to be processed and sent to the YouTube channel it had not done this yet okay so what I wanted to see is in the afternoon do we fail to go through this on the upside now all of these PD arrays let's watch what this happens here all these PD arrays that are in blue okay they're going to change their characteristic where they are used as a bullish Discounter right here because this is a pseudo Market maker sell model I'm going to be aiming for these relative equal lows if this fails to see price go above it by 1:30 eastern time New York okay and then I want to use all the things that were pertinent to all the buy side of the curve when the Market's been going up and again this is not whiteoff okay go back and look at your whiteoff text you will not see this stuff folks it's just not simply there it's just it's not going to be there all of these details here are very specific price points very very specific price points the consequent encouragement level the High the low and the quadrant levels and when we're bearish we want to see the upper half of these PD arrays not respected just completely disregarded or in other words when they leave the upper half of them it should never come back to them and just start working in the lower half proving heaviness in price price will likely draw down into these lows here okay so the low comes in at 21 43625 that's the that's the low here okay so all these candlesticks and ranges and such that I've outlined here they're going to change their characteristic from that of being bullish here now they're going to be inversion levels and we're going to carry these levels all the way into the future into the afternoon like we have here so we have at 1:30 to 2:00 in the afternoon time Eastern time that's your opening range for the PM session same thing I taught you to do in the morning session between 9:30 and 10 o'clock in the morning Eastern time this is your opening range where's your first presentative Fair Val G right there oh and if we're looking for the relative equal lows to be taken out and trade down to 2,436 25 this level here then it's likely to do what use that inversion fair value Gap as a premium right so you want to see it trade away from it proving itself and then come back up hits it here well there you go it's also the low of that inefficiency I gave you in the morning Market breaks down trades back up falls short of that range again starts to drop again that's what you want to see that's heaviness it's weakness it can't even trade back to the low that blue shaded area breaks after 2:00 now we're in the heat of PM session trading trades down and now look at the characteristics of price action responding to all of the very specific price levels that were used as bullish arrays in the morning session now we're on the sell side of the curve okay so the market maker sell model is going to use all these reference points and it's not going to use the upper half it's going to go down trade through look at the body staying inside this inversion breaks lower comes back up respects what the lower half and disregards the upper half that's exactly what you want to see the algorithm signaling to you they are signatures of algorithmic price delivery I'm sorry to hurt your feelings but wof do nothing about an algorithm it absolutely did not get implemented at all in these coding it there is no woff in the algorithm zero absolutely none no Elliot wave no supply and demand zones none of this stuff that you think is out there as an excuse for you to say I'm teaching smart money Concepts and it was around by this old guy no I'm sorry I'm sorry it's not that's not true so we're seeing all the effects of these discount arrays now inverting themelves and their characteristics to to repel price going lower so these are all the things these are Level these are the things I'm writing in my notepad all of you always ask me what am I writing down what are what's on your notepad it's these levels here whenever I'm seeing price action use these very specific elements in my PD arrays I have those levels written down from the highest to the lowest in the order of their highest to lowest order and a little tiny little abbreviation as to what they are and if there's a reference to time I'm going to write the time that it Formed so when I'm watching price action go into the last hour trading I was looking at this area right in here at a bearish fair value gy and I was trying to set my phone to record it for my telegram Channel and I couldn't get it to open up fast enough so I had to take the trade enter it and then when the recording started I had already executed but I was still inside the one minute Candlestick that was the entry so you can watch that in the telegram Channel um I'm not monetized there okay so all the things I share in telegram I could be putting it right here and making whatever more money that would equate to I'm trying to show you things where it's just me sharing because I like sharing okay if I want to make money marketing I can do that obviously I've done in the past but I want to just make a a point to show how we use this information now in the last hour trading so we're going to take this information and zoom in so we have this Gap in here and these are exactly how I drew them on my phone at the time and I couldn't I couldn't do a lot to do like a a big screen on my computer cuz I was downstairs and I was away from constantly looking at the chart so I could only run over to it peek run over to it and peek run over to it and peek and since I was using my phone which is what I always will use for telegram examples I was managing for my laptop while I was two or three feet away from my wife so I was juggling being a dad and being a husband and then also trying to you know provide content so inside this Candlestick I'm going short I wanted to be inside this volume and balance in this high but because I drew the line on the phone it should be anchored right there so I'm going to leave it as it was on the telegram channel so that we can see it but the information here is all the things I had notes from that were sitting next to me that allow me to see this as a setup aiming for the relative equal lows at 21436 point2 and then also you want to have this level here 21, 44. those lows on the daily chart you'll see them very clearly as of what they are but this level here is my next point of Interest where I think sells side below that could cause things to get real real interesting on the downside for Nasdaq so anyway we entered into the last hour uh we we traded softer and then we had this little retracement here during the recording I took the little uh drawing in instrument that is available if you're using a Samsung Galaxy Note uh that's the kind of phone I have I don't get anything for mentioning Samsung but they are superior to Apple products apple sucks so if you have the retracement here and you likely see lower prices this retracement back up into this inefficiency right here volume imbalance that that candlestick's low the bodies are respecting that and then I draw a line entertain it's going to dump and it does that there was really nothing in here except for the immediate rebalance here near the low and below the midpoint below the consequent corro of that shaded area which is an inversion Gap now so another example of immediate rebalance and then it breaks aggressively lower taking the cell side below the intraday load that formed in the morning session just after 10:00 and then it went a little bit lower I had limit order to get out you know below this but as it was trading down uh I I just kept taking two contracts off two contracts off and then I did the last one as a market order and didn't let the actual uh limit order fill it would have filled easily but uh because I was doing too many things at one time I just want to make sure I captured that while it was below the the intraday daily low and again this is R trading hours final hour and I'll show you now the executions toggling just the execution you see the arrows I'm inside that Candlestick and inside that Candlestick why am I taking the second entry there because it's inside of this order block which are these two up Clos candles I'm entering in both of these entries even though I missed the actual high-end premium entry point uh we're inside of these last up closed candles that's a be shorter block as long as I'm inside that range I'm I'm not thinking that I'm missing or chasing anything you may think that I'm chasing because you don't know what you're talking about when it comes to my content but inside of these two candlesticks anything inside that that is not chasing price when you're trying to get show and then obviously the actual execution price points here and you'll see in the recording that these are absolutely what's being recorded on my phone for that example that was shown in telegram so I hope you found insightful hope you learn something from this and Lord willing tomorrow I'll be back with you around 9:15 Eastern time in the telegram channel to give you real time opinions tape reading and whatever else I feel like sharing until then be safe for


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ Futures Live Execution With NY Lunch Macro 02/24/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BdmULCuem5Q
================================================================================

welcome back folks all right this is a New York launch macro trade and cover all the details as we go I'm going along here also on an immediate rebalance so you can see how that came down closed in and I'm annotating the B balance cell efficiency and we're inside of the 1050 1110 macro and that is the high I'm aiming for okay and I'll tell you why as we go along so I want to see price stay in the upper half of that blue shaded area I'm bringing the stop loss up because if it goes down there I'm wrong all right so we have the top of that blue box right there that would be a wonderful area to add but this position is too big for any more additions because of the volatility today it's extremely volatile very very fast Market I was not able to be with you all today because of uh some some rules obviously when already have a large down day the very next trading day I usually try to avoid the morning session and it didn't really give me a first presented fair value Gap set up this morning so that's the lunch macro byy side liquidity I'm aiming for and I'll tell you why in just a few minutes as to why I'm selecting that high because there's rules to it this is another inversion fair value Gap that I believe that once price gets above it it should support price and then run up into that lunch macro by liquidity pool notice the blue shaded area I was entering on the candle that came right back down to the low of it and creating an immediate rebalance that means the candle stick prior to the bullish candle I was Trading long in the retracement of it touched its previous candle and it's also the low of the previous buy side B sell side efficiency so what I'm watching here is does the market want to stay inside of the previous candle's Wick which is ideal and optimal anything above that inversion fair value Gap in Orange should set the stage for another run up into that 10:00 hour High you see how those candlesticks are basically the same low and we just SW a little bit so now I want to see it really aggressively run higher no need for it to trade back down into that bullish fa Gap in the form of that blue shaded box uh it's acting when I entered as a reclaimed buy buy about sell sign efficiency right so let's see if we can Vault above the inversion fair value Gap Market basically just fell out of bed this morning in all honesty I'm I'm glad that I wasn't with you because in the comment section I'm seeing a lot of folks reporting that they're making profitable trades using the tape reading and opinions and commentary that I give in the telegram Channel and that's what you don't want to be doing you don't want to be doing that and today was so fast that you even if I was giving any kind of opinion I'm quite certain some of probably would have hurt themselves because it was just it was violently fast unforgiving just kept breaking lower lower lower which begs the question is why do I feel and why did I feel that it was warranted to Take Along here because we had traded all the way down to the low of the morning just after 10:00 and then at 10:30 we we had basically had 1 hour trading so that's the 1 hour dealing range and when it's been no here we are trading above the inversion per so we want to see it trade above it break above it and then come back down and retest it and once it tests it we want to see it stay away from the lower half of it but that first hour is trading that dealing range when there's been no real retracements on buy side that's usually a very very strong setup for my lunch macro where it basically this retraces into a key higher low and I'll tell you the rules for it that way you know just let's pan let's pan out through uh this setup with each individual Candlestick okay so we came down now we left that inversion fair value Gap so then we don't ever want to see it come back down in and trade to the lower half of it it can come back down and touch it again but it's beneficial for us if it doesn't do it it trading back down to a buy sign and bance on efficiency or busy okay so see how it traded down into the half of that inversion fair value Gap we don't want to see it trade to the lower end of it now so whenever you're trading my inversion Fair B Gap PD array you're looking for that characteristic you're looking for it to behave and perform that way and if it does that your probabilities and odds in your favor go as astronomically higher doesn't mean it's a perfect trade it doesn't mean you're not going to have a losing trade eventually but that's the rules I use and I employee with teaching it and what you see me doing in my examples all right so this looks really good for a run up into that lunch macro b side of the quity pool like to see some of that stay open on the previous candle we don't want to see that completely re overlap that really nice very very nice almost like I know what I'm doing standby for a random act of precision and there she is all right so that's probably random so let's take a look at why I picked that that high here okay uh we saw the market trade lower obviously and really no run on buy side so what I'm showing here is I'm going to take it back to 10:00 because that's the end of the first 30 minutes of trading so that's your opening range so that high that forms after 10:00 up to this level here are reasonable targets for the lunch macro so it's the high that forms after 10 o'cl when you're selling short for the day or targeting it and reverse it for markets have been rallying higher there's all my executions hope you found it insightful until talk to you next time be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ Futures Live Execution With Telegram Commentary 02/21/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87Rs7pilxMA
================================================================================

[No English subtitles available]


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - Forex GbpUsd Live Execution London Open Killzone 02/21/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGGDbeRpo4w
================================================================================

fols how are you having a bit of insomnia myself as some of you know I have a very uh bad back motorcycle tingry in 2009 and I've been battling it for the last uh week so um looking at the pound dollar here it's a f minute chart I just popped on just to see what uh was available and looks like we had a Judah swing here taking out you the buy side here so let's take annotate it everything above what just Happ yeah so the um this low here going into this buy side and bound cell sign and efficiency we have sell side stacked here here below that low and here so what I'm watching is is this last up close Candle on the 5 minute chart draw that down here and then we'll drop down into a one minute chart make this nice ni and easy so what I want to see it do is I want to see it trade below that now notice all these candles here it's that five minute block you see how using just the one minute chart it could be confusing you might think that this is the bearish order block that trade up to go short from I'm not looking or requiring to that it can but I'm not requiring that if it were just to roll over and never trade up to this candlestick's open if it broke below there and came back up and touched it that would be enough for me to anticipate a run below these relative equal loads and into this B of balance C efficiency which is a discount array at the present now I like the idea of it trading down here then coming up to engage all this buy side resting above here so just for completeness sake let me annotate the some of you guys are probably missing the ASMR of the loud clicking surface being pressed on the the built-in service prototype uh mem your laptop it's real quiet except for the the fan running on it right now so we'll see what we see here again like I said I'm not interested in requiring price to trade up there if it does I'll I'll enter there on the short but I'm looking at more or less a run here and then come back and touch this line which is again that 5 minute bearish water block opening price so part of the SP balance efficiency if you look at it like this yeah I just picked up on my uh yeah there we go that's what we're looking for folks that are watching and thinking why would you want to go short there why would you want to see a long to go and get those relative equal highs well it's the day of the week it's Friday it is also this run up they they can leave this here for later today or till next week it's fine but I think that uh this taking out these lows here that's a shift Market structure all right so now we have the setup [Music] primed want I can do it as a as a limit order but just to prove to it's not Market replay because I know some of these uh these noobs that watch my stuff they think that uh I'm doing Market replay Market replay will not let you show this up here okay test it for yourself this is the part that makes it very difficult for new students or or new Traders they don't wait for their setup they they simply try to anticipate the setup because they're afraid they're going to miss the move I'm not afraid of missing the move because there's lots of moves intraday so we're trading down into the low of this B balance efficiency that I'm anticipating behaving as a inversion fora obviously we not trade up into this candlesticks opening price which most individuals on Instagram Tik Tok and uh YouTube Facebook X Discord you name it uh tegram they'll they'll say this is the bear sh Block it's not okay and fortunately you know just because they use my vocabulary doesn't always equate to understanding what it is that they're trying to press upon you as prow it's not it's not there that's why they live in hindsight so the the return up into this candlestick's open that would be permissible too so it doesn't necessarily need to trade here so what's in close proximity to that line again this line is the five minute last up closed candles opening price inside of this price run that's seen on the one minute chart I noticed this line here I know it's very hard to see let me let me darken it up a little bit it's not much of a darkening is it let me see we go we want to see price stay in this portion of this Bice of cide efficiency there's no necessity for price to get up into this area here which is the reason why I wasn't interested in that it's a bearish order block on the one minute chart now this little Gap in here that's enough to send it lower and it could just leave without touching the order block so what I'll do is I'll wait for it to touch the low of that that's deficiency I one on in as a insurance policy in the event it just runs away without me going to the order block at least I have something on the and not yet you got to be patient watching the Candlestick there you go that's what I want so now small position like this we can put a stop just above consequent encroachment of this B bance efficiency it's really really modest risk there so now I can wait to see if if you'll permit me I'm going to take the yeah ations off on the executions I'll I'll I'll place them back on in a second I just want to watch inside this price action explaining it before you do it is a handicap so it's it's not as easy as it makes people think when I'm doing it it takes a great deal of focus and you have to understand what you're looking for you have to have a really solid understanding about what you're looking for otherwise it's very hard to stay focused and that's why it's very difficult to teach live it's it's very difficult to especially using lower time frame charts like this um it's hard to articulate every facet that is going into the idea that leads to a trade setup and end or execution and framing risk and whatnot so so you're looking for for a trade set up like that that's a pretty good uh return it's about 3 to one let me see if I can finesse is a little bit that's this a little bit better so now because this is a inversion fair value Gap if we can come back up and touch that one more time or inside this Wick okay if we can trade up inside that I'll add one more portion of 750,000 leveraged on the short again it's not Market replay Market replay won't show this up here little bit more want to see you kiss it there you go all right and the stop will stay there still very very modest risk okay just simply just let it cook now I'd like to see it break below see this Wick here in all this little consolidation area this Wick it's consequent encouragement this level here right there I want to see price gravitate aggressive ly to this and through this if it can manage to do that and close below it then that is a very good encouragement it allows me to feel confident that these relative equal lows will be taken how far can it go below those relative equal lows well we referred back to that five minute chart and that's that bid balance out efficiency down here so I'm going to go back out to a FIV minute chart so you can see where we're at look at the lay of the land remember this one over here this fair value Gap it's a bid of M sside in efficiency and it's below this low this low this low yes we've already stabbed down through it but look at the bod see what it did here basically lined up with this low and this low so whenever I see something like that and I can I guess build a narrative that it's likely to go lower still then I look at this as a shallow run into liquidity so therefore I would expect a deeper run lower and where would that go below this low and into this inefficiency that's a discount array okay so back to a one minute chart now if it can touch this five minute I'll add one more in it and leave the stop as it is banking on the idea that we've already did the work in Upper half of this inversion fair value Gap that dash line here that's that's a line in the saying that you shall not cross why how do I know that because we spent a lot of time here and then we dropped lower and outside of it so all I'm looking for is a return back into this which was the original premise if it would have given me earlier I'd be short from there but now since it's still offering it to me I'm not looking at this this as a long let's put it that way I'm looking for this as a return to a short-term premium and then it should aggressively drop out of that and then gravitate to and through this consequent corage and that Wick because it's the extreme low that would set the uh the stage for continuation below here I don't need to trade below the low of the wick I needed to trade through and close below the consequent corach of that Wick if it drops here without even going back to the 5minute bearish order block opening price which again let me show you this Candlestick right there okay that opening price that's what you're watching me observe and execute on so one more tap into this I'll add because I feel confident that we're about to break aggressively lower nothing wrong with taking a little bit of heat on your trades as long as everything that you're seeing still is in the in the correct context of what took place before you took to trade and executed on it meaning that as long as it doesn't go above here everything that sees price go up into that price level is completely permissible like that so now I should really strongly reject that because we didn't get to that five minute bearish order blocks opening price that's what this line is here okay and we went back up into this entire range that shaded in Orange is this B B cell efficiency and the lower half of this is where the real work of the algorithm is elusive nobody wants to believe exists algorithm supposed to be buying and selling pressure that's what they tell you right so I'm viewing it like this I gota be honest with you I'm I'm anticipating all the noise that usually comes with me pressing my mouse it's not there so it's it's something I'm getting used to some of you are very appreciative of it because you hated that sound all the time you need a new mouse no you need to accept the fact that some people were going to make their content the way they want to make it and to be honest with you I kind of miss it and because I'm bearish and it's a scalp it's not like I'm trying to call the topping pound dollar that it should just fall out of bed you know for a thousand you know Pips or whatever I'm suggesting that it's just going to run down into these lows into an old inefficiency that's a discount and then it could set this stage to then go back up into this area here either today or next week now we want to see it aggressively drop down here and attack that consequent encouragement that Wick obessive compulsiveness if you believe it w allow me to uh not get $3,000 at this lemon so I'm try to squeeze a little bit more out of that all right so now we want to keep this stop where it is until we get through this threshold because this is the the marker that sets the stage for confidence not overconfidence not I'm writing nothing can go wrong it just means that if we trade through this consequent corach of that wick on a closing basis then I can start to work that stop loss down to this High here plus a tick but it has to do this part first this was the risk I was willing to put on when I first put the trade on here and I have to sit with that risk until I see a realized confirmation in order flow no level two data stuff required no depth of Market no laders none of that stuff no Market replay required because when you know what you're doing you're sticking to ideas and premises that repeat and since I mentioned that this entire Bice and balance out efficiency the lower half of that that's what the algorithm is going to refer to notice that the bodies stop below that midpoint let me take this lower shaded red area that midpoint off CU it's a little confusing to me as well so we we Trad it up into but look at the body bang stop not interested even going up there not even interested in going to the 5 minute opening price of that order block either and that is not failure that's actually what you want to see if you're if you're bearish you want to see the inability for price to even get to premium AR raise because if it can't do that what is it saying it's saying that the market is inherently weak it's lacking what strength so if it's lacking strength and you can outline a bias that's framing an obvious price run to a discount array the 5 minute buy balance sell s efficiency down here below relative equal lows then it goes without saying that you probably have a likely winner it doesn't mean it's a perfect absolute guarantee it's going to work in your favor and you can't lose it just means that I'm watching this Fair B guy by the way this means that you have something that you can get you can engage in is it nice much like I know what I'm doing we're watching that consequent encroachment right there and we going to see how it delivers sharply and through it that's what we want all this Wick in here watch the consequent encroachment of that we've already seen a reaction to it on the high end of it now explain that in a second put down into it here and coming back up opening going into the fair value Gap and then repricing lower we want to see it now respect it on the upside as resistance basically and then send it sharply lower this also is an inversion fair value Gap L of things here they're cing well for lower prices and we're in the last minute of the macro of 350 to 410 same premise here we've already worked in the upper half of that inversion fair value Gap so we want to see everything stay in the lower hem spere tap the low that and then send it lower that'd be wonderful again no Market replay required and you haven't done enough work with testing and then forward testing by just reading the tape no executions those little supposed dois and whatnot or hammers that can trick you I promise you Steve Nelson doesn't have any understanding of the of the algorithm that controls price um so you can be fooled by things like that and think oh well this is this is rejection it's bullish it's not case in point have to be careful because these phous statements that I routinely include that's just me being me and I'm reminding myself that I used to believe this nonsense when candlesticks supposedly had some kind of uh sway over price okay so we traded right down into that consequent ENC of that Wick we want to see it go through it now and you'll see that once we trade through it and close below it the market should stay heavy meaning that it should still gravitate towards these lows right in here okay and this is label as a minor cide liquidity pool no I know some of you are like can you just make a template it's so much easier can you just let me do it the way I want to do it I hear you all right so we had our close below consequent encroachment so now we should see Heavy price doesn't mean it's going to be a straight shot ideally that's always the best case scenario but we don't require that but because we've done this now I can lower the stop loss and reduce the risk okay so now have trimed some of the risk and because we're below that Wick if you were inclined to you say you're brand new and you really need to have that little encouragement this would be a wonderful time for you to take a partial off okay and that would simply be done by changing whatever amount of position you have open right now I have 2.2 in leverage short so I wouldn't take 750,000 off personally but you could take something like 100,000 in terms of Leverage off and that would satisfy that uh impulsiveness to to want to just have something in in your win column and I'll just add the execution since it's not going to be a problem deing anything now enjoying the the uh the feedback from the members of the free telegram Channel you're all seeing what the paid mentorship students have been seeing for a long long time I'm not that guy that uh you think I am I know how to trade huh part of marketing uh some of the folks out there that don't understand and how I got to where I am in terms of following the the cult like following that the ACC companies me it's all a part of marketing and you have to have a you have to have a character and that's what I used ICT for that was uh you have to be polarizing too because if it's just everybody loves you think about like for wrestling fans like I've never been a fan of John Cena cuz he's always been one one-sided onedimensional and characters that have flipped from face to heel face the heel uh they those characters are more entertaining they're much more Dynamic and that's what makes them loved or hated and you have to have a polarizing Persona on on social media you have to have some kind of divisive um rhetoric or some kind of an Ang angle to get people talking and then you make yourself viral that way and one of the things that I did a lot was you know poke fun at other people that claim to be professionals or whatever and I would do it with a demo account which in and of itself is clowning right but the the polarizing views that would you begin from that is what caused the train wreck that people would want to come and see and that allowed me to build a crowd without ever paying for advertising but unfortunately some of you just can't accept the fact that that's what that was and I know how to trade clearly but I allow folks to have their strong opinions about me because I know there's another side of the community that will vehemently defend me not that I need it but it allowed my my persona to to gain traction and that's what viral marketing is all about you want to have something that people believe in so much that they're willing to go to war over it and that's how ICT built this following not to mention it's the best content out there too so we're in close proximity now this is about where I would want to take a partial okay so just practicing what I preach we can do something like this we'll take 250,000 off okay and you buy that there and that satisfies that desire to be right okay that's what I teach that's what I I promote if you look at all the mentorship stuff that I've I've put out over the years um in the beginning you're going to want to feel like you've done something correct now since you've done a partial as soon as you take the first partial your stop has to cover costs then you submit to the idea that the rest of the trade might go against you and some of you that are highly critical If This Were to turn around stop me out where it's at right now you would look at it well you left $1,700 on the table that's stupid well the idea is that you have to grow as a Trader to learn to trust these moves nothing in here suggests that it's going to absolutely deliver for me no trade is ever guaranteed that's why we have to have stop- loss otherwise I mean I wouldn't even use a stop loss and I would just go full leverage whatever the maximum leverage would be allowed and I would trade every single trade setup like that but I don't do those things why because there's inherent risks and the market could always change on a dime it can do things that cause you know wild spikes wild gyration and you that might be adverse for whatever position I may hold or whatever bias I may hold for that session that day that week or whatever instrument I'm using so because it's it's important to grow gradually in your understanding and not expect overnight success which unfortunately you social media has promoted the idea that you that's possible where you can have you watch a video listen to a guy or gal explain some kind of a setup or whatever and it's so easy everybody can do it and then you go out there and you find it's not the case and my content is the same like I can simplify it like I did with the Silver Bullet but still if you're not properly equipped with patience understanding what the setup is understanding where the draw on liquidity is that fair Bay Gap that forms after 10:00 it's still going to not help you at all because you have just one component to it and you have to have a common of ingredients to get Blue Ribbon results right so individuals that are very critical and they leave comments in my videos that only I can see but I I see a weakness in individuals that think just like that where they'll say well if it other words if it comes back up and stops me out and I only take 46.67 and this is a demo by the way cuz I don't trade Forex anymore but I promised I was going to teach you guys and I'll give you examples and this is a London session setup so you're going to be mad I want to see comments why didn't you do this in the telegram Channel or why you're not live streaming it because I'm not a signal service and remember I'm doing this because I love doing it you're asking me to do things I'm not comfortable doing and that that will steal the Joy from wanting to De it at all right so but understanding gradual increased knowledge experience those things have to be modular you can't squeeze in you know five years of experience in a workshop or a seminar or a webinar or one video or a five minute condensed video where there's no rant there's no rant you know here's a ICT or Michael hudston video and I'm going to take out all the most important stuff you videos or channels that do that they're actually doing a disservice you're not learning it properly and then you see people say well I tried ICT stuff and I couldn't make it work I promise you you're not going to make anything work because if I've given you step-by-step roles and things and processes and protocols that this is what makes it high probability or changes it from low probability to high probability then you have to stick to it you have to learn to engage in that this is also when it was trading below low here that would be a nice partial too because it's trading into a minor cell quity pool it touches the top of that 5 minute B balance cell efficiency that little pink area that also be a partial over the years when you get more confident that you feel like you've you've properly positioned yourself in a move then you don't have to do any partials that's a little bit hard to do admittedly it took a long time for me to get to that that frame of mind you know I I could see a lot of moves when I was coming up as a 20-year-old and the impatience of I just want to be right I want to be right you know that as a as a young man I struggle with that a lot and one of the best tools to combat that is learning to just simply take something off and when you're not trying to share your results with everybody on social media it's actually easier to do that because you paying yourself in a well-funded winning trade but before it's closed and has has full realized profit in other words full realized profit is when this limit order gets hit and then everything on this trade collapses the the stop goes away the position profitability or open profitability the p&l for it ceases to exist and then you are now at a finite closed position where hey this is all you got you can't make anymore you can't lose anymore that that struggle until that happens like this is the finish line here in the entire time you're in the trade you're wrestling with what if it goes even lower or what if it never goes there at all those constantly come up in my mind too but when I when I have those thoughts I remember I've been doing this for 33 years what have I seen happen more times than not see that's the benefit of back testing then tape reading forward testing with a demo and then going in trading with real money and doing it for years and decades you lean on logic that you have seen happen and you can't get that same experience from a book or even watching all my videos it doesn't it doesn't translate like you want it to you want it to be like you watch something or you listen to someone and you feel like okay all I have to do is hear it one time and I'll be able to determine if that's real good or not when you don't have any experience as a as a beginner or as a new student you have no you have no Foundation to lean upon everything's a new experience for you so remember when the first time you dated the first time your girlfriend held your hand you that that feeling of you can't even think clearly you you lost all control your mind's racing with all kinds of wonderful thoughts right so that's how my children got here by the way yeah I have uh I have Tendencies you know as a man and those same things occur when you're a new student and trading that the idea of making a lot of money that idea of being profitable see that kind of stuff like that that doesn't worry me even if it comes back and stops me out it does not bother me because I know there's setups that are going to repeat over and over and over again that if this gets stopped out it's okay it doesn't mean the stuff stops working it doesn't mean the model's broken it doesn't mean that they change the algorithm it just simply means that I didn't get more than what I got and it's okay I made more than 99.9% of you out there that are brand new as traders that don't know what you're looking for and that's what I had to tell myself every single time as a 20-year-old when I did it right I reminded myself I followed my plan I followed my strategy I follow the concepts that I'm I'm forging and until you wrestle that idea of I don't need to change anything I have something that works but what I have doesn't work 100% of the time nothing works 100% of the time absolutely nothing works 100% of the time so you have to submit yourself to the idea that if I know there's a probability of it working more time than not then all I have to do is manage risk and then simply trade the setup the setup is I'm looking for price to get below this low to what the it can go down to that inefficiency that was framed on the 5-minute chart simple but hard to do when you're brand new because you see things like this and you're thinking what happens if it turns around goes higher then it goes higher you can't stop it you can't stop it I can't stop it so you have to Simply allow price to do whatever price is going to do and the best thing that you can do is limit risk manage risk impeccably and follow the setup or the idea that you're using to trade and you have to do it consistently don't change it don't try to add new parameters to it keep it very very simple and by doing that what you'll do is you'll discover all the things that you generally overthink about and you worry about obsessively compulsively stress about many times they're not even there the what if scenarios what if it doesn't do this and what if it does this what happens if the trade does exactly what you hoped it would do that's what you're constantly looking for I'm looking at this for feedback does price indicate that it's still adhering to what I believe it's going to do which is trade down into this inefficiency notice this line in here let me let me darken it up that that midpoint or consequent encroachment of that five minute B balance efficiency my limit order is above that to get out so if it comes down and just falls short of touching the consequent encouragement that's still will fill my limit order I'm not in a rush to jam my stop loss D this is a this is a very very crucial thing for your development once you take a partial you've made money you've taken something out you move the stop- loss to cover costs and that's it then you live in that trade until it delivers what you want it to do where it trades into your target there's no other way folks there's simply no other way to get to the experience level that you're asking many times in the comment section when you send me emails when you send me posts on X when you send me things you know on trading View and you comment you ask you know how do I hold trades how do I put positions on and not have a stop loss that freaks me out or I put a stop loss where I believe it's not going to go what what gives me the conviction or the confidence it's the fact that I submitted myself three decades plus doing things that are uncomfortable that's all it is but because you don't know what it is you're trying to do even if you watch my videos it doesn't translate into you knowing how I trade it doesn't mean that you can go out there and do the same thing because you are avoiding the very Paramount issue of being personally responsible that means understanding what the content is the concept and then going back into your charts looking for hindsight not just one time for months it takes months of studying something just like in med school would you want someone doing surgery on your child or your wife or your husband your loved one your mother or father if they just simply watch the video about doing open heart surgery they're equipped now because they watch the video no I know I wouldn't want to so you have to treat this trading business that you're building with even greater you know scrutiny you have to allow yourself to say okay it's going to take me time how much time I don't know you don't know either but you have to be willing to submit yourself to whatever degree of adversity and time is going to require for you to work through whatever complications you have while learning it and that's a very hard thing to do in the beginning because you have all these concerns and mostly it's greed you just simply want to learn how to make money right now because in your mind you're thinking if I could just make money if I could just get a funded account and and get a payout one time even if it's 500 bucks that's going to be a huge look at that so it's like uh oh you see that come on get down there and give it to me you Jokers they traded down into the uh just shy of the consequent incursion right there so you see it Wick down into it but they didn't give me the oh now they come on come on get down in there just in case insurance and now because it did that I'll put the stop loss there whenever I have an issue where the the limit order should have filled and doesn't bring that stop down if I'm short or vice versa if I'm long because it could just simply just deny me and if you stronghold it and arm wrestle and say no I'm going to demand everything or nothing it's just it it never it never really pants out well for me so rules and processes that's what it is so if it comes back and stops me out at least I made another 1353 hypothetically right so but seeing it deliver it's still just as good and seeing it not fill is something that's also beneficial for you as a student watching but remember we were watching all of it up here and what I was trying to articulate to you is I could visualize how when we're inside this B B cell sign efficiency staying in the lower half like this that's important and then the market gravitating down to this low and below that low to what degree inside that 5minute by bance efficiency so I really wouldn't want to see it trade back up to this inversion fair value Gap because we've already used it here we failed to go to the midpoint and then we broke lower and traded below the minor cell side liquidity pool so you know all things being equal either it takes my stop- loss here or stops me out either either case now I'm okay with it because you watched it deliver where I was saying it was going to go it just simply didn't execute on the limit order which is going to happen sometimes why does that why does that happen you know you're going to ask me that sometimes it simply says no and that stop might be taken but that's okay this is my partials pay 100% of the time there's never been a partial profit that was never profitable think about that it's 100% success rate in taking partial profits and knowing when to do it why you should do it it's all based on things I've already taught was a new Trader or new student you might get angry here you might get mad and cause you to feel like you want to whenever this trade gets stopped out or goes to limit what or should whatever side it happens to execute on you might feel a certain kind of way where you feel like you were robbed of something and you get stimulated to the degree where now you want to have some kind of Revenge or you feel like you've beat them and now you're wanting to go back into the arena like a gladiator never never never never act on those impulsive thoughts if you get stopped out be content with what you've been given the Lord blessed you with that be content with it enough is enough but when you submit yourself to the idea of these intrusive thoughts where you feel like you have to go out and get more because it didn't pan out exactly like you wanted to do like in a perfect world The Limit order should have filled it should have filled on that that dive down in there but if this was your trade and it did that where it went below it should have filled didn't you now have a new sensation in your mind you're having thoughts you're amped up you have a lot more emotional attachment to what the market has done to you that day even in this case being profitable hypothetically because it's a demo account I don't trade with Forex with real money okay but because I'm teaching you I'm showing you what it is that you're asking questions about I have to execute right so but if this was your trade you would feel inclin because I'm telling you I I did the same thing as a 20-year-old when the bond market would do things like this to me I would get really mad i' like why did they why did they not get me out that broker screwed me that that brokerage firm denied me okay and now I'm mad about something that's outside of the trade it's outside of what with the trade still open so now am I focusing on what the price is doing no I'm mad I'm distracted about something that I have no control over I can't go back and change it the broker's not going to say well let me go back here and just we'll we'll give you a fill there if they do they're a wonderful broker I've never had that experience with anyone and the bottom line is is you have to stay focused you have to know what is you're looking for adhere to that logic come hell high water the trade stops you out where you placed your stop with logic or it gives you your Target and at the end of that trade whether stopped out or hit your limit order until that occurs you have to submit to the original trade idea and the logic that you used to get into it and it's not easy to do in the beginning it's very very hard it's complicated it's complex it feels like it's it's an insurmountable task that you'll never get past that point but eventually if you keep doing it you do and far too little people that go into trading ever make it through that threshold I could teach you until you the end of my life I could teach you everything that I'd be willing to only teach to my kids for the majority of you it would not help you because you're not equipped to be number one personally respons ible or work on the things that are problematic in most most individuals which is impa impatience greed fear how many times watching this did you feel like the market was going to do a certain thing and if this was your trade here's my limit orderer how many times did you watch it and think to yourself that it this is what's likely to happen if you were in that trade you're founding some kind of anxiety but you're not really in the trade but you're watching it if I could show you how many times individuals you commented about how they watch when I'm executing where my stop- loss is real close to price but it doesn't go there and they saying I was anxious I felt anxious and I was watching the trade and I felt like I was in it and I would be so scared well it's because you you have not done enough in the past that's the work that's what even all of my paid mentorship students that failed and they get angry and they have emotional you know opinions about me all they're doing is deflecting anyone that comes to me and doesn't see the value of what it is I'm teaching because I'm actually using the logic you're watching me use it in Telegram in a setting that's not monetized I could go on live stream again and say everything I'm saying in that telegram Channel I'm proving to you that I don't need YouTube I don't need YouTube AdSense I don't care I love teaching I love it I absolutely love it because I remember what it was like when I was a 20-year-old and I wished there was somebody like me today and there wasn't so I became the Santa Claus I became the myth the legend the guy that knows it and just gives it to you for free because if he really knows what he's doing if he really knows what he's doing he can make money and he doesn't need your money he's not going to ask for it he's just gonna say hey you know what I know what it felt like I know what it felt like for me and I know it's no different to anyone else when they first start they it's hard to trust anyone and my question is what's preventing you from trusting me I don't need you to trust me remember that I don't need anything from you as the audience but I want you to think about for a second why would you not trust me I haven't asked for a payment I don't ask for you to even say thank you anymore I'm saying just judge what you see me do judge by what you see me explain before it happens look at the amazing degree of profitable students that I have the prop firm companies hate my students a lot of the things that you're seeing them change the rules is because my students are beating their rear end they're taking money from them and they're coming up with all these different excuses why they got to change the rules and make trading even harder than it would be if you were just trading with your own money and that's why I'm doing it because I'm telling you these prop firms and not even really prop okay these monetized demo accounts they're going to be like the dinosaurs eventually they're not going to be here folks I promise you they're not going to be here and they're in the fall of their life cycle and you see it with all of their extreme complications and rules and you can't do this you can't do that deny your payments deny your payments eventually what's going to happen is there's going to be class action lawsuits against these firms and they're going to be forced to shut down so doesn't it makes sense for you to learn how to do this properly even with a little bit of money just a little bit of money of what you already wasted in prop firm companies if you put that into a brokerage firm that is a deep discount brokerage I'm not going to put anybody's name here because I'm not going to be viewed as an introducing broker which I'm not I'm not affiliate with any company any entity any brokage firm none so if you were to take this logic and apply it to your own money when you're just trading with one micro contract think about it you're going to do far better than what you're doing wasting time gambling in these propm companies you're trying to get rich on a lottery win because you're watching these influencers do it when they don't have to pay for their resets and they're getting rich off of your failures so again let me ask you why don't you trust me because you believe all the things you heard about me and you've never watched it firsthand and now you're seeing it and for some of you you're contacting me and you're saying I am having a real hard time believing what I'm seeing because I've always thought you were a scammer I always thought you were a fraud and I believed everything and I got caught up in all that but I'm having a hard time wrestling with what I'm watching you do live I understand and I take that as a compliment that means the Persona I put out there that was very divisive was amazingly effective and it's okay but all I'm asking you to do is simply just judge by what you see given to you beforehand and then submit to this process it's not costing you any money and it won't take you very much time to see initial evidence that there's something beyond what you think is buying and selling pressure and once you once that bug bites you you're ICT infected for life and there's no cure because you'll never look at the market differently you'll never listen or even tolerate anybody else out there trying to explain to you why the Market's going to go up or down and then you become what we considered our cult member and it's you know it's funny to think about it that way but it's okay it just means that you now are you're initiated and for people outside of our Circle our understanding it seems cultish it seems like you know we're all just you know hive-minded and you can't see that I'm something that I'm not let's say it that way that that that's the perceived idea but what happens when these same people like yourself sit down and say you know what I'm going to look for this guy to get it wrong and you're still waiting aren't you I'm not trying to be egotistical I'm talking to you like we were talking like we just met face to face I don't drink I don't go to a bar or anything like that but somehow we met somewhere and you we just talking you're seeing things that shouldn't be possible you're seeing things outlin in a way that it has to be time travel or some kind of superior intellect and it's neither it's an understanding of how these mark it's really book and it's not based on anything nothing else that's ever been out there before and if it wasn't for the grace of God I wouldn't know what I know that's where it comes from that's that's that's who taught me and that's I know that sounds crazy and I know there's influencers out there that love taking shots at it but to Simply sit back and watch how God takes care of them cuz God is not mocked promise you to sit back and watch how that kind of stuff happens people that tear you down they're going to be forced to watch you be rebuilt in their presence and in their witness all you have to do is stick to the process this has been entrusted to me and I'm doing what I said I was going to do so many of you have blessed me with your feedback with your testimonies about how it's affected you how it's improved your family's net worth your ability to make ends meet and I can't tell you how wonderful that is that means so much more than if I was to sell something and and you pay me more money I don't need money I'm here for the relationship aspect of being a conduit that brings glory and honor and praise to God because without Jesus Michael can't be who I am and that's the truth and some of you unfortunately can't see past that Persona I put out there for marketing my question is will you still feel that way at the end of this year that's what I'm interested in I'm not trying to change your mind I'm not trying to recruit you I'm challenging your perception what do you really believe at the end of this year do you really believe there's an algorithm or there's no algorithm we'll see you in December hope you found this insightful hope you found it encouraging until I'll talk to you next time Lord willing be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - Telegram Commentary Review 02/19/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5peM9ykM78
================================================================================

folks welcome back so we're looking at the NASDAQ here this is a daily chart and if you have not joined the free telegram Channel this is one more plug I'm going to do this a lot so if you've already joined it just accept the fact that I'm inviting other people so we're looking at the daily chart of the NASDAQ and I'm going to cover what I shared in the telegram Channel live and direct it was right to the point and it delivered like Gang Busters today so um I told everyone in the channel to note these levels as I have here okay and what I was doing was if you look at this Wick right here see that I actually have a Fibonacci laid across the wick from this candlesticks close until it's high and I'm only highlighting 50% level okay because I want conse encroachment level noted on that and then I have the same thing on this candlestick's discount Wick okay this is a premium Wick when price is below it when it's above it it's a discount Wick this discount Wick here at the time of formation looking at it when Market opened here trading down into it so I'm noting the close to the low and that is the midpoint there and the coordinates are here okay so that way you can replicate this on your own chart so make sure your numbers agree here for that Candlestick and then this Candlestick you're going to do the same thing here coordinates for that one okay just pause the video I don't want to stay on it too long and then what I did was I got the consequent cent of these two candlesticks okay right in here now this is a graypool theory now you're not going to find it in whiteoff you're not going to find it in anything else I promise you it's just my stuff okay um you're going to see a lot of people start using it and they're going to try to pretend they can teach it that they don't know what they're doing so just know that in the future I will reveal more details about it but when and how to use it obviously you can see it's mine I showed you in the telegram Channel with the focus on and that gives us this level here if we get the consequent quotient of this level here so just look over here 22,995 so 2 22 16350 and we want 9950 so those these two numbers agree with that number and that lower number and I already know I'm confusing some of you but it's okay I was demonstrating today all right so that's the level you're going to get it comes to 22,31 25 let me get this out here too many of them 22131 point2 okay so when you have this information you can then blend it with the last three days of high low open and close Okay so no indicators needed no overlays needed no complicated things okay very simple strategic approaches to using data that the algorithm itself will refer back to now if we look at this level here what in close proximity to that well the previous day low is just a little bit too low for it but the previous day's body lays over top of that so we're not going to worry about that and then we have this Candlestick here so we have this candle sticks High coming in at 22124 even that's about as far as I think it would go down into this gray pool and the gray pool is difference between this candlestick's Wick and this candlestick's Wick's midpoint or consequent encroachment levels so so in in a different way but saying the same thing it would look like something like this this is the that's the gray pool right there this just a little specific location where I'm expecting a daily higher low form and again like I said you're not going to find that in anybody else's stuff they're going to pretend that it's some dead guys material because they can't stand it but uh the real Maverick is here telling you what it is the McCoy the one and only the creator of it there it is so when the market trades down into that I want to be if I'm short I want to be get out of it if I'm wanting to be long I can take that as a long entry but it has to give me a PD once it trades down to it so just know that inside this information here that's what we're looking at and I'm going to take the Box off of it now and we'll lead just the lines as I showed in the telegram channel so we're going to drop down into a one minute chart skip right to the meat of the discussion here all right and right away you can see there's an old high here uh the blue shaded area is that volume imbalance on the daily chart I'm leaving out a lot of these things so that way you look at it in the telegram Channel I actually have two video clips where you can see me doing the executions and where it's going into the the limits and taking profits so you're you're welcome to to take take a look at that there don't just look at what I'm showing you here and think oh wow uh the fact that it's showing this here okay you can't do that with Market replay okay just remember that and Market replay never lets you see the countdowns of the candlesticks so for the fellas that are asking all the time you know is this Market Replay in the comment section I don't use Market replay there's no need to if you join the telegram Channel you'll see that I'm actually calling this stuff in advance the right bias the right direction all that stuff so it's free folks I don't know why you guys are kicking and screaming about not wanting to join it or not going in there but all your mentors are doing there taking notes so probably better for you to get it from me than to pay for it from them so this volume IM balance is from the daily chart and today we were already expecting as it gave guidance in the telegram channel that we were going to have a very small opening range Gap now previous regular trading hour settlement price we don't know if that's going to be the higher the low of the opening range Gap until 9:30 so at 9:30 right here at that opening price we notice that it opened lower than previous regular trading hour settlement price and you find that by going into regular trading hours you can see that here okay so that's the that's the separation small little Gap we had 3/4 fill on the Gap and then broke down lower so we're going to go back in the regular trading hour I'm sorry electronic trading hours okay and the market trades down clears sell side here then it trades up takes out buy side I gave guidance on both those reference points and then I gave the 934 as the first presented fair value Gap so as we traded down I said I was looking for uh weakness before before it traded down there I gave guidance that I was wanting 22,31 point2 that was my initial interest that was my draw okay so when price is up here what does that mean does it mean it's bullish no means I'm bearish I'm looking for it to trade down to this level so I gave this first presented fair value Gap I said we want to see it act as an inversion fair value Gap and wouldn't you know it it trades up into it small little Gap in here that'll let you annotate that for your own notes then we break down come back up retest it one more time break lower trade back up again and then slams it down into our objective that I gave on telegram now it took me two trades because I got stopped out on the the first one but not in a loss look at the recordings you'll see it's the it's truth but if you look at the executions you can see all the business here matches everything that's on the telegram channel so I got real close to nailing the low of the day and it overshot it a little bit now if you look at the high of the Candlestick that creates the lowest point on the daily chart for that gray pool that Wick above the Candlestick if you look at the actual candlestick's high on that day it's 22124 even so that means that's about as far as it's going to go down let me take these executions off for a second I'll show you something you put a a line on your chart at 124 even right there you'll notice that the body stop dead in its tracks right there what's the close on that Candlestick right there 123. 75 and the open on the next candle comes in at 124 even that's perfect perfect but it overshoots it a little bit because the Wicks are allowed to do the damage then the market turns trades back up comes right back down to my level the gray pool 22,31 point2 and rallies up nice little fair value Gap in here and we talked about how price went came down to this level here stopped right at the consequent corach this Wick and it rall back up I said it needs to roll right through this consequent encroachment if it wants this 22,31 and a quarter and just like a script is it just that very thing here then the market returns back up into first POS of fair value Gap when the heals of the lunch hour in New York you can see how the market does later on trade into the first percent value Gap again but now it's because it's above the market market trades down to it rallies back above then clears the buy side from earlier in the morning over here okay so just sh have $111,000 two trades no losing trades nothing edited nothing called incorrectly all live in the presence of over 80,000 people now you decide it's out here for free you're invited no PayPal required I promise you come in and you see this repeat over and over and over again you're going to be better at tape reading that's the only thing I'm promising it's not a signal service it's not me trying to get into trades I'm telling you what to watch for and I promise you you will not find anyone else out there doing it this consistent this precise with the logic that I already taught you in 20124 the idea is I'm using the first presented fair value Gap as a mechanism to get long or get short or in rare instances I'll use it as a draw for a trade that will be the market reversal or something to that effect but generally what I'm looking for is I'm using the first perent of value Gap when I give the Buy in the telegram Channel you already know what direction I'm looking for and I'll tell you why I'm not interested in certain other direction and if it goes against my bias I do nothing that's logic that's discipline I'm not out here to try to entertain anyone and it's for free I can't monetize telegram so what is my motive I like doing it I love being different and I'm ahead of the pack there's no one going to do it for free this well and want nothing in return I don't even want your thank you you don't even do you don't even do that just show up you'll get better at reading the tape each day each week as it goes by hopefully you found it insightful until I'll talk to you next time Lord willing be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: Inner Musings On Trading One Model & My Venom Model [Example Only]
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6kCfe5QgDg
================================================================================

welcome back folks so take a look at this here that is a balanced price range and I'm going to Showcase a model that's uh uniquely mine and this model is venom I'm going to do a complete expose on this model in the future but for now just suffice it to say that think of it as a venomous Predator okay and when it injects its venom it starts to break down the tissues and the senu of its victim well it's very potent and myen model is very very powerful but I want you to take a look at the the absence of first presented fair value gaps here okay and I'm only showing you this as a means of contrast in 2025 I set out to try to Showcase only using the first present of fair value got you can see the let me order a first of two getting filled here and I wanted to focus on using just first presented fair value gaps and using draws on liquidity that were obvious new week opening gaps new day opening gaps um opening range you know studies the things I taught pretty much in the 2024 mentorship but invariably because some of you in the audience don't really want to learn apparently or you're trying to be disruptive and you're being disruptive to No One let's be honest here um but I want to kind of like counsel you because some of you may be just simply misguided um for the folks that are paying attention if you're trying to adhere to One Singular model okay that means one particular approach to trading that one model or approach to trading is not going to be a an answer for everything it's not going to be a Panacea be all end all for every potential price run that occurs and price action on every time frame so to try to help coach encourage Inspire uh the new student that may come to this YouTube channel or someone that's been you know floundering around in trying to find their way with all the content and the compendium of information I've put up on this YouTube channel I wanted to Showcase how just doing one thing won't necessarily result in a trade every single day that's not the goal the goal is not to have a trade every single day your your task as a Trader is to focus on one setup one instrument one time frame and control risk impeccably now far too little spoken about those things you can see it trading down into a buyid and balance cell on an efficiency here should trade down into it once more and then start running up to my limit order for first partial so there's that inbalance I'm looking at here and price should start to Vault higher but I want you to think about how very critical viewers in the audience and maybe it's you that I'm speaking to um you may feel inclined to to suspect that the concepts that I teach aren't profitable aren't effective or that this model doesn't work it just means that you're expecting everything from one tool and I don't do that and I created these things so it's important to understand that while I'm not trying to trade every model and every approach and every execution strategy that I have devised I'm sticking to one and I can't tell you how many people have reached back to me and suggested that I continue focusing on something like this because it it gives them a sense of calmness because they're they're unfortunately lulled into thinking because of social media that every day is a trading day for you to expect to make money on and if you don't you're somehow falling short and you're not the people that think like that or try to promote that idea I promise you they are not profitable Traders they are hiding majority of the things that they're doing wrong and this is the transition over to the new day at 6 pm. eastern time and I think that by having some measure of uh reality applied to your learning is appropriate so I transitioned into a FIV minute chart just to keep the chart a little bit more tidy and I want you to think about how giving yourself permission for your model not to give you a setup that's hard in the beginning because you think that you missed the move so therefore that's failure it's not a failure there's a lot of price action runs that I don't participate in some of them I'll be honest with you most of them I see them coming but I'm not participating in them because I have a specific goal in mind and there's a partial being taken here I missed the opportunity getting out at the high a few candles back but uh that's close enough for government work so I'm thinking to myself at this time that because we're in the Asian session the market could retrace back down in and I want to take another partial above that new high and we're inside of the Cy to the left around 9:00 a. from the previous day so I'm under the assumption that I could be wrong it might not go to my limit order so I want to at least take something off at the highest candles or thereabouts you can see where I'm taking partials they're pretty much in the candles that make the turning points at the highs or their AMS as close as I can get it right so by having this flexibility that and and permission that you granted yourself that your model is not expected to perform on every price run it's liberating it won't feel like mental prison where you're you're punishing yourself and you're punishing your model for not doing what it's expected to do you're thinking that that model should perform every facet of trading buying long going short trading the Asian session trading the London session trading this the silver Bulls it's trading you know well Venom none of you know Venom but you're expecting with unrealistic expectations that one unique model that you're trying to employ simplifying your trading but are you really simplifying it if you're expecting it to deliver on every facet of trading of course not and it's normal for a new Trader or a new student to think this way so if You' Fallen victim to this mindset and here's me taking five contracts off because I believe we're in a position where it's likely to go against me and it could stop me out and I'm going to fall asleep because I need sleep so all during this time I'm not actively watching the price action I've gone back to bed and I said to myself you if it stops me out so be it and if it runs up and hits my limit so be it I've taken the lines portion of the move inside of that Cy to the left around 9:00 a.m. so I'm content it doesn't need to go to my limit order because it was a profitable trade and there's the stop-loss getting tripped there's the executions I'll slow the recording down so you can see everything here and that my friends is a dose of Venom focusing on the bias that I told you yesterday I'm only interested in going long I'm not interested in going short and trading in the direction of the liquidity I was identifying so hope you found this insightful and encouraging until I talk to you next time be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ Live Execution Using Analysis I Shared In Telegram 02/13/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sbu7tn8r03w
================================================================================

welcome back folks all right so if you're wondering where I've been obviously I'm human I'm not AI so I have been married to a lovely woman since 2001 and we are celebrating our 24th anniversary together tomorrow on Valentine's Day so so we are sharing time with one another and I've not been able to spend much time with the charts but today I felt we were going to likely drop into some buy side and I want to remind you all that I covered this in video and I've covered it inside of obviously the telegram Channel I mentioned in the shotgun Saturday last week believe it was um we were in this large consolidation on da chart for NQ and I mentioned that I didn't believe we were done yet and this would be a draw on liquidity these highs here December 26th of 2024 and the high at January 22nd 2025 so right above that we Bak buy side liquidity and we saw how price not easily not one shot but eventually gravitated towards that level here okay so we worked inside of this in efficiency for a little while between here and here and I handle that as a volume imbalance and you can see all of that business being supported there and eventually pumping it up into the here now the remaining portion of sell side and balance byy side and efficiency is in this area between this candle's high and that candle's low so your chart would have this area anotated right there okay so that's what you'd be looking for so that's the only portion above these relative equal highs that's inefficient and then we have the old high here okay so um I believe that it's possible that we eventually make a new all-time high but uh we're just going to be content with this for one week I'm certainly content so let's go over to the lower time frames and I'll show you what I did today and some of you are actually going to be angry I can I can already anticipate this you're like why didn't you share this with us in the telegram channel uh well frankly I am on my personal time and while my wife has her little coffee breaks and whatnot from whatever we're doing for that day um I take the liberty of just going in and doing what I want to do and when her time ends with her personal schedule where she wants to now go out and about I have to go and accompany her as her husband after we're we're together right so um this morning I had the opportunity to do that and I will now show you those executions with everything in line with what I gave you as a draw on liquidity and where we were likely to go in N so take a look at it now hi folks so we're looking at a long entry in here I'm going to be placing my stop loss right below the most recent one minute Candlestick low I believe this is a pair of erant Wicks so words it's is trating outside of the 6:45 minute Wednesday Asian session b m efficiency that's what that little upper blue box is and the stop loss is very very tight I'm adding more to it there because I don't believe we're going to go any lower so these are basically like um Mohawks I call it when it just colors outside the lines and I'm expecting price around up to that minor buy side liquidity there relative equal highs and then gravitate towards the 21,6 198 level first perent of fair value Gap that's being shown here that is is the first inefficiency after the PPI producer price index number so I'm framing that as a phone of interest for me to pay attention to should I get stopped out I might have to use that information to reenter if I choose to do so I'll keep adding and building position here using the low that 645 minute Asian session from Wednesday and I want to see price really try to make an attempt to get above the 21880 level I'm speeding the video up by the way it's the total time of recording for the trade execution going to witness was a little over 1 hour so I've condensed it down to a quarter of that amount of time essentially thereabouts okay so I going to see it leave that lower half of that inefficiency that's shown here and gravitate towards the upper half and not return back down the lower half that would be ideal our optimal trade levels would be the run to minor buy side liquidity I don't want to build anything larger than 15 contracts just as a means of illustrating what many of you have available to you when you're trading these prop accounts that's reasonable for it to come up to the top of that inefficiency and then come right back down to consequent encouragment I don't want to see it trade to the outside lower edge of that blue shaded in efficiency we're in right now again that's a sake of sounding repetitive and annoying it's based on 5 minute chart for NQ for Wednesday's Asian session at 640 include the volume in balances and you'll see what I'm showing you here now if I hadn't already accumulated the 15 contracts position that I have now I'd be looking to add one there right there all that is is coloring Outside the Lines there's no reason for me to be worried I'm extend it out so you can track how it respects with the bodies inside that range but the Wicks are allowed to do the damage and my stop loss is below and if I hadn't taken along earlier when I said I would have this is also where I would actually enter along it's wonderful area to be going long on and I would use that Wick in the previous candle low one one tick below that that would be my stop loss and still would be fine right there looks scary doesn't it looks scary but isn't scary all right that's what I'm looking for that type of indication that wants to break above to take in consideration that minor buy side liquidity opening bell there we go so let's take something off there and take away the risk so now costs are covered first partial has been banked I want to see the bodies close above those relative equal highs I don't want to see now you can see the execution I apologize so now I want to see it run up into that 21968 again that level was shared with the telegram channel before the the fact I'll resume later next week Wednesday of next week I'll I'll go back to going in a telegram Channel calling minute-by-minute Candlestick commentary but it's hard to do that when you're married and you're on your anniversary right okay and this is the first present the fair value Gap from the opening range the difference is you're probably wondering let me taking another partial off here want to raise a stop up because it's PPI just like a CPI number uh they can do a lot of head fakes they can shoot this thing up and give me my limit order and I'm done for the day or it can drop down and stop me out and force me to take additional entries to get that Target so I'm I'm electing to to be a little bit more conservative I've taken two partials stop has been raised to half of the first per body Gap in the opening range if it comes down STS me out then I'll have to reassess and see what I want to do but I'm holding for 21968 to deliver the first per of VAR value you got the lower one that's simply the first inefficiency after the PPI number and then opening range first up is noted here I'm not so much interested in the 645 minute b b efficiency from Wednesday's Asian session so while it's on my chart right now I'm more interested in seeing how the opening range first per fa I just got stopped out in in the positive it wasn't a loss but I want to see how we respect that first presented fair value gap which is the post PPI number and we're also trading right now at the middle of show you the executions here that right there is trading in the middle of the daily volume imbalance I showed you at the beginning of the video so right there I'm going long on that basis and it's also based on I'm inside of the first inefficiency after the PPI number so I have two things going for me higher time frame volume and balance on The Daily and that first inefficiency or first fair value got by B sell efficiency after the PPI number released so I'm building another position in here and now I'm showing you the actual opening range Gap okay so now I'm interested only interested in seeing it stay in the upper half or using the high of that green box so I'm still interested in going up into that 2,968 I believe this was just to wash out anyone that was long I put a lot of people on to that 21968 and I think that uh there's a lot of uh interest that was wanting to sell above that price so that's why we had that big you know rug pool dropping it down so right now it's a little harder for them to want to be long I'm long u have risking my stop right now but I want to see how we trade above the opening range Gap I'm sorry opening range first for or at the area we're trading in right now I want to see it leave aggressively on the upside and want to see the bod remain on the outside above it so I just remove the risk in this in the trade so cover costs put a little bit more pizza money in my pocket so we've moved outside but the bodies have stayed inside so that's a little bit problematic and I already know I'm likely to get stopped out on this one here but I'll be more inclined to re-enter okay so now I'm looking at that upper portion or upper quadrant of the opening range Gap and I'm looking at the range between that and the 21968 and I'm trying to determine what position size I want to build on now so I'll start with three I'm long there using the opening range Gap high as a discount array and now I want to put my stop loss below the upper quadrant but also lower than the high of that first B balance cell efficiency or first Prive faue Gap after the PPI number released now I'm watching the opening range Gap I'm sorry the opening range presented p b Gap the upper blue box and I'm interested in building Longs at the low of that and also the high of the opening range Gap and green so in between those two levels I'm real comfortable with adding and building it on that try to get a run up into that uh 21968 level I believe it can go higher into what I was suggesting um in the shock on Saturday but I don't have the time to devote to babysitting it so I'm going to have to just be diligent to work towards that 21968 level and I don't have any way of monitoring it because I'll be with my wife the whole day so I have to do what I can do inside this short period of time namely before 10:30 we were working in consequent encroachment of the opening range first presented Fair B got again that's just the full detailed name of the first presented fa up by teach you that can't be 9:30 but can be as early as 9:31 Eastern Time right so now we've moved a little bit further than I wanted to I wanted to get one more tap into the opening range first but the faor I got below I wanted to add more to it but it ran away without me so I'm just going to have the babysit what I have here okay raise the stop up so now I have the stop at the middle or consequent encroachment of the first presentive fair value Gap that occurs between 9:31 and 10:00 always eastern time now admittedly I'm I'm looking at this thinking that it should run aggressively up to 2,968 because it won't allow anyone to be on board because there's not going to be any significant retracements so it'll run out a new higher high and then run to 2,968 that's what I'm expecting okay I'm actually talking to Matt Miller traded by Matt in text at this time I'm telling him that that's what I think it's going to happen here why is this guy M getting all the uh the special treatment because he's a nice guy I like him and I can pick friends whoever I want to be friends with so don't be judging and that's what I was looking for and I text him I said just like that but it falls short of the 2,96 a.m I want to take something off here but it's only three contracts so if it comes back down and trades into my PD arrays again then I'll have to just you know resign myself to just simply take another trade but if I can be honest with you I I wish I taking at least one contract off when we made the higher high on the day okay and now I'm thinking to myself I'm going to take two off because I think it's going to run higher maybe it might run higher and I'll keep one contract on and Limon out with two and let it run and see see how much juice I can get out of this lemon volatility today and this week has been off the charts pun intended that's not what I wanted to see but it comes back and stops me in the positive again so I'm looking at that okay it was a sweep above I'm sorry below the opening range gap opening range first res very Val Gap so I'm going long on the basis of the high of the opening range or open yeah open range first percent of everybody Gap and that right there's a good entry there using the high of it that blue box and that's even better there so adding more cre consequent encouragment I don't believe we're going to sweep the low of that again because we already colored Outside the Lines once before that stopped me out and now I'm just going to anticipate that run up into 2,968 most individuals wouldn't see this Market structure if I took everything off the chart and just had a naked chart nobody would really in the retail space would really feel comfortable going along here and that's what makes the setup even stronger because knowing the draw on liquidity they're just being really ruthless about not letting I put a lot of people on 21, 968 so there's everybody that's long or has been paying attention to me they all want to get out at that level or just above it and that's why you're seeing this stuff oh it sounds very narcissistic it is what it is okay I like where it's at Here and Now I want to see it start breaking aggressively towards that 21968 no significant drops from here that's what's optimal or ideal our eyes is watching that recent Wick High I'm going to see how we gravitate towards that if it's a aggressive then I'm going to want to move my stop loss and remove the risk because it's too close to my Target and I don't want to see a trade get close to my Target and then come back and put me into a losing trade that never should ever happen to any of you all right so we broke that and it means the next rip higher would take us to the previous highest high of the day and just above that is my target so because we're in close proximity of those two specific price levels or you particular prices I'm not wanting to hold the risk so now I'm putting myself in a situation where now I'm going to be able to profit handsomely if even if I'm wrong it doesn't want to go up there at least I'll come out with a nice dime or so now all of these trades could be taken by someone that uses these prop funds and 15 contract uh maximum and if that's the case there's the limit order I'll show you the executions my wife just gave me the hairy eye meaning I gota get out of here that's executions and that's a $33,000 day over 20 contracts that's a retirement


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - Trading In High Resistance Liquidity Run Conditions With My Lunch Macro
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWyXLze4c4k
================================================================================

hi folks so this is going to be a voice over so this is after the fact I'm giving you commentary but the commentary was given to you live during the uh telegram real time commentary I I usually do the audio clips but because I had a tech for my hbac system here today we had a bad gas valve there was a lot of interruptions between that and my puppy Piper she got sick so there was a whole lot of that stuff going on very difficult today so the market I used the inversion Fair Bay Gap I mentioned and I mentioned the bearish breaker and I'm actually highlighting the order block that was initially used the send price higher uh I it was just a personal note for me I want to see it become like an inversion PD in other words whatever was bullish if it's if it's bearish you know I want to see a trade lower so I just took one contract off and I'm bringing the stop down and this is high resistance liity run conditions I mean it's very very very challenging even for me and I know it sounds arrogant egotistical to some of you but it's it's the facts I mean it was challenging and Market staying in a very very tight range and coming back and stopping me out so I'm going to go in and try it again and I'm reacted off that bearish breaker and I want to see it trade down into that blue shaded area where I have now lower that by limit order I mentioned in the telegram channel that it would be likely that the lunch macro would send it down to 21, 835 to 21825 respectively and I always have a best case scenario I had the limit order to cover way way way below that because if I happen to catch a by the tail it's always fun to be able to get something extra more than you originally wanted so I wanted to see it break lower here after working the low of that imersion fair value C that shaded in Orange and now because it's the type of day it is I moved and I sto to cover costs and admittedly in hindsight I'm going to regret not taking a partial as it went below that low because I'm talking to the HVAC Tech at this time and I'm getting frustrated with the because he's assuming that I know his job if I did I wouldn't hire him I would do it myself right so at any rate um I'm looking for a a breakdown further and I'm extending that uh order block with the expectation that it would luckely pull down lower and just overall it's just a very very very difficult day it's not it's not helping matters that uh we have all of the Fed chair uh testimonies that's going to happen this week and we have high impact news also hitting so it's a lot of things that's making it much more challenging plus we're in that big daily range that I mentioned in the shotgun Saturday so I'm pairing the risk of open profit and bringing in more potential profit should happen I mentioned at the time that if it goes to consequent encro on that inversion fair value capap that that would be the breaks for me it's the reason why you're seeing it now because I had the stop loss there and another time here where I was really better equipped if I would have taken a partial on there because of the the profile day being high resistance I should have taken a a contract off that when it went below the short-term low but I'm sitting here watching it and I want to see it failed to go up into half of the order block that I have highlighted here as an inversion block and I want to see it uh not do that but it sto me out and that's the brakes for today so very very challenging even for that three-letter guy ICT but uh was able to get some some pizza money so we can take a look at this now you can see trying to get in here and put on some more rewards here trying once more to get down into that 21835 to 21825 I'm basically selling the low that inversion fair value got hbac Tech guy just just left and I looked at the chart I was like well let me see if I can skin this cat still risk is at the top of the inversion fair value Gap and there is a partial and again we're going to see if I can get down into that lower portion of that b side balance cell side efficiency and again now the stop also has been brought down to cover costs so again just very very very challenging today very challenging lots of manipulation lots of just you know opposition really I'm checking es here and there's my second partial and now I'm just going to see what I can get out of this you see if there's any extra juice in this lemon if you will I'm I'm completely content with getting stopped out because I'm honestly little ticked off because I had too many things I'm watching that small little fair value Gap and I want to see it break hard from here but it's being very reluctant to do so so I'm going to extend this out here and share my perspective I want to see it act as an inversion fair value Gap here so I want to see it break down go below it to the downside and then if it has to come back up in again I don't want to see it explore in the upper half and again just an overzealous Target because I'm trying not to worry about it getting to a specific Target I'm worried about watching what prices sh each Candlestick so if it's looming close to my uh Target I'm going to be worried about that so to remove that I just move the target completely out of the way I'm managing more specifically about does it still want to respect that inversion fair value Gap or what I'm viewing as a potential inversion everybody say it that way and I already don't like what it's doing here it's it's being very stubborn okay and the fact that it's spending so much time in that inversion Fair V Gap is problematic but because I've already taken two partials I'm just going to let it ride and see what happens and if I get stopped out I get stopped out if it breaks lower then I will consider moving the stop loss lower that's what I'm thinking at that time now I already know this is problematic but I'm going to commit to the trade and let you see even in days like this I would I would want to generally hold and put the stop loss just a little bit above but I'm going to take one off just to prove that this is how you might want to do this and that way if you are likely to get stopped out at least it's not taking the the full open profit before getting stopped out so I was able to bank another contract there in the event that it should pop up and get the stop loss it's not taking two contracts it's just taking one okay and lower to stop down aggressively to that little short-term High because if it's going to go there folks then I don't want to be in it any longer so I'm I factiously posted in the telegram Channel that I could actually feel my hair is turning gray today and it's only because not because of the price action but because of all the distractions here at home so I was uh I was very very much outnumbered with all of the uh adversities so I kind of felt like a retail Trader for the first day and there I am getting stopped out so I'll show you the executions right there and just in case somebody wants to ask about that chart over there it's the same stuff over there hope you found inle till next time be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - Algorithmic Price Delivery Continuum
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgG9JAKwng4
================================================================================

e welcome back folks so we're going to get right into it in this lecture we're going to be covering how to visually read actual order flow without retail gimmicks like level two data depth of Market ladders even footprint going to anticipate my fair value gaps remaining open how to properly handle price inefficiencies at all times when the forecast Breakaway gaps and precisely where now select Ultra precise stop loss placement with no fear all right we're going to be doing a short little lecture here and Forex review so I'll be covering the dollar Index and then the pound dollar currency pair and then we'll be teaching the content that uh will allow me obviously to knock off several topics all in one Fell Swoop in one video I'll be able to tackle lectures that I had in mind so real short concise right to the point to so let's zoom in on this get started all right on left hand side you can see a dollar Index daily chart you can always tell what time frame I'm using by this upper lefthand corner and this was the gap down here that I wanted to see if we can get below it and use it as an inversion fair value Gap to then work towards the cell side liquidity Pole now because I'm dealing with the daily chart there's a whole lot of back and forth type price action so it's not unless it's in a very fast low resistance liquidity run condition the Market's going to spend a lot of time back and forth as you see it doing here so as you can see we got down to consequent encroachment of that Gap and then moved back up into this fair value Gap here that's delineated by these two line segments this little area right in here that is an inversion fair value gap which we traded up into just today so over here when price was moving higher this was a buy sign and balance soell sign efficiency and typically when the Market's bullish if it's dropping down into that if we are in fact bullish at that moment price should show sensitivity and start to send price higher it doesn't do that it goes right through it comes right back up into it today so I'll be watching what we do on Sunday's opening going into the first part of next week to see if this is still likely as a scenario I don't like the way it has all this up here between these two highs to me it looks heavy but worst case scenario it doesn't drop and just stays in consolidation which you know it could do with all the stuff that's going on with tariffs and whatnot five minute chart on the dollar Index you can see we are using this inefficiency which was obviously framed on the weekly chart look at the videos from earlier in the week that's this shaded Orange area down here when price dropped into it that's this occurring right here right here on this on this Candlestick it opened traded down and sprung back up into this portion of that inefficiency so think about it as this is the discount array and this is the premium array trades down into it here discount look at the bodies respecting it and its own individual fair value at and then rallies this POS B cell efficiency is a bullish fair value Gap but the market trades down through it and then right back above it here then it becomes a reclaimed bullish fair value G so again I don't look at an inefficiency that's filled or fills the number if you will other words it closes it in once it does that I don't forget about it the algorithm isn't going to forget about it so me as a Trader I'm not going to to forget about so I want to be aware what these levels are so bullish reclaims Fair Bay Gap and then partially trading down into it fails to trade down to its consequent encroachment which is the midpoint right here in that line so that's institutional orow entry drill rallies up then finally delivers into this premium array this over here is an inversion Fair back as well so in this case it was sell side and balance b side efficiency if the market was in fact bearish and didn't have a whole lot of volatility like we've been seeing it could have went up into here and then sent price lower but it doesn't do it so that PD Ray fails and trades above it now that we're on the other side of the curve here we're coming back up into it there and it comes an inversion fair value Gap here because we're looking for it to run up into this inefficiency there or at the very minimum the high of this C balance by efficiency which is this line as the high this line as the low it's this candle's high this candle's low that one single down closed candle portion that's the sell sign of balance by efficiency so inside that upper portion of that we have a premium rray in the form of a inversion fair value Gap where this also is an inversion fair value Gap you can see how price runs from the low of this here right on on that candlestick's low trade into it here and then spring up through this inversion Fair Vega and then look at the body stopping right there and consequent encroachment of this see the blue dashed line or dotted line rather that's the midpoint that's what you're seeing here it trades up to here stops goes down goes above it uses it as a discount array after wicking into this B balance C efficiency which is institutional orderflow in jail now go back keep this in mind okay keep this in mind and then look at what it was doing over here too for this reclaimed bullish fair value Gap so there's a Confluence of three things here institutional ENT drill that's encouragment failing to be traded to on a bullish fair value Gap that's being reclaimed and then you're seeing that institutional jail and we're in the lower quadrant of this inversion fair value gap on the daily chart and the bodies are supporting the idea it's bullish why because this candle when it Wicked down into it look where it stopped the midpoint or consequent encroachment of this invert Fair B gap on the daily chart then it price sent it up into the premium array seen inside the high end of this sell sign of balance by sign efficiency in the form of an inversion fair value Gap now I know if you're brand new or relatively new to my Concepts that was a whole lot of stuff in there and I can understand that if you're thinking to yourself there's no way I would have seen that it's only because you haven't spent enough time looking through it okay I promise you all of my students every single one of them that have become proficient with inversion fair value gaps and fair value gaps if they could go back to the first time I talked about them they would they were scratching their head too like I don't understand what you're talking about now they're in there and they just picking them and trading them and and doing all kinds of stuff with them you got to give yourself time and you get that by practicing and journaling all right we're going to Segway right into the British pound versus the US doll currency pair and the lecture so I'm going to cover a number of things tonight and I'm going to prove to you that I can teach it right to the point but you're not going to be satisfied because you're going to feel like there's something missing but I promise you there's nothing missing so we have the 15-minute time frame pound dollar pair and what I'm teaching here while I'm teaching it over the the medium of a Forex currency pair this is the same thing I do when I'm trading in NASDAQ it's the same thing I do when I'm trading Commodities it's the same thing I do when I trade es same thing I did when I was trading the bond market everything everything that's traded uses this logic okay so 15 minute time frame we have a sell sign balance buy sign efficiency it's a CBI it's a fair value Gap but it's classified as aippi because it's a down closed candle this candle sticks low and this candle sticks High and the candle prior to that is this One Singular long down Clos portion that is cells side imbalance it's inefficient because it doesn't have price being delivered in that same range defined by this candlestick's low and this candlestick's high so we're going to look inside this area right here I'm going to give you the highest tier of understanding orderflow and you don't need anything with these retail gimmicks like level two data it sounds technical it sounds like the professionals you know it's their tool it's not okay I promise you it's it's it's spoofed many times you don't need footprint okay you don't need Doms ladders depth of Market you don't need any of those things okay so we're going to dive into that now left-and side five minute chart right hand side one minute chart so on the leth hand side you can see how during the non-farm payroll which you should not have been trying to trade by the way because NFP is what it stands for it's non-farm payroll it's the employment data but around here we refer to it as not for professionals so the Market opens up does its circus act and runs right up into an inversion Fair bag gap on the 15minute time frame you know this Gap because of what I was covering so far this week it just reversed its role because we were below it came up hit it as an inversion fair value Gap it's probably random them and then trades lower and then one more time we drive back up into the lower quadrant of this gap which is the wick so I'll counsel you to to think about that right there measuring that on your FIB don't trust my charts or my commentary alone the market rolls over and creates this inefficiency on the 15-minute time frame but you notice that it doesn't look the same as it did on the 15-minute time frame because it looks like we opened here traded down then opened here went down a little bit and open here and went down so how's that an inefficiency here wouldn't it just be this portion of the inefficiency well on the five minute chart it is but we're looking at it from a price delivery continuing okay so what I constantly do is I'm going through time frames every single time that we close one 4our trading at the top of every 60 minutes I'm referring back to the hourly chart I want to get a feel for where we're at was there any inefficiencies is it respecting any inefficiencies is it aiming for buy side or sell side that is on that time frame I'm not living on the 60-minute chart I'm just referring to it at the top of the hour every single time we get a new hour start every 15-minute time frame the same thing every single time we close a 15-minute interval I'm going back to the 15-minute time frame and I'm cycling through that information that's on that chart and imagine what we just did showed the 15minute time frame and then dropping back from the 15 down to the 5 minute chart every five minutes I'm going back to the five minute chart I'm only looking at it until we get a new five minute close so when a Candlestick on the 5 minute time frame closes and a new one begins I'm going back to that F minute chart and referring back to it now when you see me doing my trade examples many times it's just me showing you on a one minute chart but I'm telling you what I'm doing I'm cycling through the time frames just like that so that is my price delivery Continuum theory that means I'm constantly cycling through all those time frames it's not top- down analysis it's cycling through continuously looking for algorithmic PD rise where price is going to respect respect to a degree and then maybe fail and that gives me information I'm constantly feeding my um attention with these things that are on these specific time frames and I'm not living on those time frames cuz all I have to do is refer to it real quick and see where I'm at and then go right back to that one minute chart here this little area here is that 15minute time frame P Val got or cby but it looks different because it takes up what it takes three of these candlesticks to make that one 15-minute candle so let's get some detail here so we're going to again use the high of that fair value G so I'm darkening up here and then this one here that's your range inside of that range we're going to be studying with a lot more detail with both of these levels now understood that that's the 15in time frames high and low of its fair value Gap or Cy look over here on the one minute chart so we watched at the beginning of the discussion on pound dollar I showed you the 15-minute time frame and the very specific fair fair value G then on the five minute chart and then now that same Gap being viewed on a one minute chart so right away you see this inefficiency you see this inefficiency so what do you what do you do what do you do with that information Michael how do you how do you navigate that Well you certainly don't go to level two and you certainly don't need to pull up a footprint you don't need to do anything with uh Doms vwap all those things I promise you none of that stuff is necessary everything you see here is it reles the time and the Open high low and close that's all you need folks I promise you if you know where the market is likely to go that's the bias the draw and liquidity if you know that open high low and close and the time of the day or the session is all that you need I promise you you I'm going to prove it to you today so what we have here is this shaded area from this candlesticks low and this candlesticks high that is the basis of that 15minute fair value gu yeah but it's being shown on a 5minute chart here so if we look at that same range on the one minute chart there's some characteristics in here that I want you to notice now I've spoken on this before but I kind of like want to bring everything together in synergize everything so that way you can see how the algorithm fires off and refers back to these price points when I first started teaching I would look at the charts and I'd tell you all right now my students are going to want to be looking for something that reoccurs so I started by labeling things as points of interest okay and now everybody refers to them in their own little mentorships as pois or you know something to that effect but it all comes from My mentorship Level Leons and stuff when we refer to a point of Interest the point of Interest that's most important when we're looking at a fair value Gap is when we're looking at a bearish fair value Gap we want to study the upper half of it first because the upper half of that fair value Gap when it's bearish is going to tell you a great deal of information and when you're looking at bullish fair value gaps you're going to be looking at the lowest portion or the lower half of it what do I mean by that well if you look at the price action over here price drops down and comes right back up then it opens here trades down halfway and comes back up and then the next candle it opens trades down and closes and the next next candle does what it does here it takes three candles in this time frame to make one 15minute Candlestick so when you're looking at Price what you're focusing on is the upper half when it's a bearish fair value at so we're splitting it in half this shaded area over here on the F minute chart is this shaded area over here on the one minute chart this back and forth price action in the upper half of that is a balanced price range what makes it balanced the fact that we're in the upper half of a bearish fair value Gap so the upper half if you see back and forth price delivery that is not inefficient this drop down in here from the middle of the Shaded area up here all this single Candlestick right there that is not an inefficient price delivery it's extremely efficient why because the first candle dropped down into it here and then we went back up over top of that same range in here went outside of that level that we're identifying as the high of the 15-minute Cy and then returns back inside the range and stops halfway again and then rallies once more and the bodies are respecting the upper half high of that civvy then it drops aggressively lower now if you're not looking at Price the way I'm showing you here which is why you got a lot of these mentors out there that are trying to teach my stuff SMC Concepts and they don't ever mention me because if they do they have no they have no presence anymore they don't have any any voice because they won't go to them and pay them they'll be just right here at the YouTube channel where it's authors teaching it they'll call this a fair bag guy and they'll look for this to try to close in and fill the numbers and that won't happen here it will not happen why because it's efficiently delivered back and forth price action and then it trades down into the lower half and then validates it as a fair value Gap so once the fair value Gap is there on the 15minute time frame or any time frame you drop down to the lower time frames and you study what price actually did in the upper half when it's a bearish fair value gap or you study the lower half when it's a bullish fair value gap on a lower time frame chart when price goes back and forth in the upper half it becomes balanced there's no need for price to come back up inition shaded area over here when it starts to return back inside of it now watch is we're going to take a huge leap when do fair value gaps form inside the quarters now that's not quarters Theory okay I already know some of you guys are running around right now you can't wait to go on the X and go on the Instagram and say this is what Michael's been using all on its quarters wrong wrong what I'm talking about is time so if we were looking at the time of 10:00 in the morning Eastern Standard Time from 10:00 at the top of the hour to 10:15 there's going to be a fair value Gap that forms every time frame but whatever time frame you're trading on you work with that information and then that means there's four potential fair value gaps that form per hour now the app pupil will think about that for a moment and say wow there's potentially a scalp every 15 minutes yes that's high frequency trading algorithm that's high frequency trading algorithmically it's also knowing that you don't have to take the trade that you just missed and have any regret because there's going to be another one just like a bus remember I talk how that's a bus bus route schedule every 15 minutes there's something coming around the band again now for some of you that just simply want to trade on a daily chart or higher time frames it won't be that it won't be like that for you but for the price action you know things that I create we're in these lower time frames because there's a plethora of opportunity and these opportunities are extremely abundant so every quarter so 10 to 10:15 there's a fair bag Gap forming 10:15 to 10:30 there's a fair bag at forming between 10:30 to 10:45 there's a fair fair B Gap forming and 10:45 to 11:00 there's a fair bag atap forming on whatever time frame that you see that form whether it be the 15 minute the five minute either one of those you're going to see one of these fair value gaps form every single 15-minute time frame when you have the draw on liquidity it will be there now if the Market's going to be range bound it might not create that because why we're going to be in a high resistance Li quility run conditions that means there won't be fair value gaps forming which is the reason why I teach that number one premise is are we in low resistance or high resistance liquidity run conditions if you're seeing fairby gaps not Material realiz then you're in high resistance sit and wait wait for what wait until the next 15 minutes and then if it's the same way there wait 15 minutes longer and you do that all the way until you get to the end of the session if the entire session was high resistance you did nothing and you took no trade come back the following afternoon or next trading day now what can you use this information when it's a balanced price range well it identifies what the lower half has what an imbalanced price range why is it imbalanced because it leaves the upper half here and it only sells off there's no up candle to the midpoint of it sell side imbalance buy side inefficiency meaning that it needs to offer price back up to the midpoint that's what you'd be waiting for that's what the algorithm is doing buying pressure is not bringing up and stopping it dead against tracks halfway that's algorithmic price delivery it's going to offer that price over a continuous delivery higher higher higher higher no matter how many people come in wanting the short no matter how many people are reluctant to buy it does not matter okay so when you're looking at depth of Market level two footprint all these things the market doesn't care it doesn't care about the number of contracts it does not care it doesn't care now the number of contracts is the life's blood of what you can get filled on trades but the delivery mechanism has absolutely no care no concern for the actual number of Trades being booked which is why I'm trying to tell you and I've been telling you since I started teaching it that this algorithm that exists is a price engine it will deliver right to these specific PD arrays and their consequent encouragement there's no way there's absolutely no way that buying and selling pressure would deliver that it would be random distribution there would be all kinds of different highs and lows forming but they're stopping dead in its tracks where I tell you it stops that is authorship that's something that you can't go around you can't hide from that you can't chase it down and say I'm going to beat it into submission and say it's something else it's not anything but algorithmic price delivery that means the price engine will offer that midpoint consequent encouragment because that's exactly what it's scripted and designed to do so the market trades up in there and then efficiently delivers buy side so now there is no inefficiency for for buy side delivery so we had sell side imbalance buy side inefficiency the portion that's inefficient on buy side is the lower half why because we only had a single pass with this candle's halfway point right here where the shades of the boxes change color from that point down to the low of that shaded area or specifically this candlestick's high it's only offered sside delivery that means movement lower so because the market is algorithmic because it's controlled because it's rigged and you should be thankful that it is because if it wasn't rigged I would not be able to do these things I would not be able to tell you it's going to stop here turn around go at this candle stop here go higher and I certainly wouldn't be able to execute on it right but you keep seeing it now my students are learning how to do it too well delivering price up to the halfway point here satisfies the coding in that algorithm it need not go any higher so now we're going to take a huge leap and understanding okay this is the inefficiency that really matters in that 15minute time frame Fair B Gap it's also this portion here on a 5 minute fair value Gap but you won't be confused by looking at the 15-minute time frame fair value Gap and think it has to close in the upper half of it because it doesn't that becomes a balanced price range so using the price delivery Continuum Theory which is working from higher time frame lower lower higher time frame lower lower you're constantly cycling through every time a new 15-minute Candlestick forms or begins you refer back to that 15-minute Candlestick chart and see where you're at what inefficiencies are there did it form one did it close in or deliver the numbers okay if it didn't fill the numbers on the in efficienc and overage close in and overlap the inefficiency of a fair value Gap then you're constantly waiting for that information to be delivered in price action but if price is showing things like we're showing here where it's working the upper half and it's a bearish fair value Gap you can anticipate that that five minute portion here is the real fair value Gap because we've done the work of looking at actual price delivery we don't need to look at orders we don't need to know how many contracts were were traded at because it doesn't matter the algorithm doesn't see your stop it doesn't see how many contracts were traded at a particular range of price action it doesn't refer to that folks it can't that's too much of an effort to code that the only thing it refers back to is number one time and then it works on the Open high low and close it doesn't use high Kashi it doesn't use ichimoku uh candlesticks it doesn't use you know whatever else candy bar nickname they want to give their stuff it only uses the Open high loan close on a Time based delivery okay so let's take a huge leap forward from this this portion it's not going to it's not going to close in it's not going to overlap that portion it's not going to fill the numbers on the upper half of that bearish fair value Gap now if it's not going to do that folks on a 15-minute time frame what does it make it what can you do with that information number one it helps you with stop placement your stop can be in the upper quadrant of that known area right there because that's not likely to fill more conservative approach would be put your stop loss just above that shaded area here quadrant is fine consequent encroachment I wouldn't do that it's a little too close and the spread might get you because we allow the wick to do damage but if we were to get stopped out using this information as long as we traded back up into the lower half of this portion should not offer The Filling of the numbers I mean the upper half of that 15minute time frame sphere value got I would reenter the short and place a stop loss again in the upper quadrant of it or just above the high with half the number of contracts that I just took okay so now we've covered stop loss placement we understand and how to properly handle inefficiencies when they're bullish or bearish I told you when they form every single 15 minute time every interval of 15 minutes there's one forming from the 15 minute into the 5 minute back and forth you're going to cycle through there every 15 minutes here's the thing that you need to have your notes now if you're noticing that it's not happening if it's not forming one in the 15minute chart or the five- minute chart then you're in high resistance liquidity run conditions and you need to sit still wait for that 15 to 5 minute to shift into where they're offering fair value gaps it need not trade into the fair bag Gap in that 15-minute interval of time it just means that you have to see them forming because that's the algorithm posting little areas where it's going to refer back to later on it's like you see a bus stop that you need to get a bus ride at and you're walking to the bus stop but you know you're not going to make it in time okay well you're you're heading that direction to the bus stop because you know in 15 minutes it's likely to have another boss come there and you can get on ride on that you see how that absolutely removes the fomo like there's no reason for you to fear missing a move there's no reason for you to be obsessively worrying about are you g to find a trade setup today I know I'm going to find one every day but I demand that it's in a low resistance liquid run condition for me to trade every single session every single day I can trade every single 60-minute Candlestick okay because I have four opportunities to do something aim for a fair value Gap or use the fair value Gap that's formed in one of those 15-minute time frames in times of time I have an opportunity forming I have an opportunity presented to me now it may not engage the fair value Gap that it formed in the previous 15-minute time frame that's fine I'm waiting for one where everything lines up now what does that mean well if we look for setups that are drawing towards a buy side liquidity then I'm going to be looking for fair value gaps that are bullish or I want to see bearish fair value gaps fail and then become inversion fair value gaps see the logic there it's not complicated it's absolutely not complicated but I understand if you're new if you haven't really spent that much time with my Concepts this still sounds like a foreign language to you and I understand but the people that been studying for a while with me their gears are turning right now they're literally chopping at the bit they can't wait until Monday now so and that's good that's what I want I want you to be excited about learning I want you to be engaged okay if you're not engaged you won't be happy about what you're you're studying and you won't be inspired to continue doing it because it's going to be hard work despite what I'm making it sound like here but if we know that this is not going to fill the numbers that means close in the Gap portion on here on the one minute chart what does that make it it makes it a breakaway Gap it's not likely to fill so when you watch me in my executions and I'm recording annotations and such I'm explaining to you with real time observation that I believe that that portion should stay open and if it does it's a breakway gap meaning that we're going to un likely see a lot of movement lower look what it did here and when do you have all these things come together as a perfect Blue Ribbon recipe for a trade setup or idea that is so high order odds in your favor what do we what do we utilize there to kind of facilitate that my macro time 10:50 a.m. to 11:10 macro hello southbound train baby let Clos candles consecutively are a bearish order block that's not a supply Zone okay it's the change in the state of delivery which is the lowest opening price of these consecutive candlesticks it's inside of this portion of what the lower half of that 15minute time frame fair value got that's the only portion it needs to trade to so now look at all the confluences this portion is balanced this portion is imbalanced it's inefficient with buy side this buy side offered here is perfect delivery and you have the change in state of delivery here at the time that the algorithm will fire off and start offering lower prices regardless of how many people want to buy it it does not matter how many people are short selling it either that's why you have markets that have very low volume but you see huge candlesticks and they'll say oh the Market's just running out of buyers that's not what it is the algorithm is offering prices lower skipping big time just running down there and all they need is one contract to print to make that Candlestick look however they want it to and there's always someone someone coming in with a market order to buy or sell there's liquidity resting in the marketplace so as soon as the algorithm keeps offering lower prices and they do it real sudden and quick everything proves in hindsight that these moves are quick and sudden but they don't usually get seen in advance because you're looking at things that are going to mask it footprint looking at how many contracts were traded here on the on the previous volume or looking at volume profile or I'm looking at a point of control or I'm looking at a vwap or I'm looking at whatever all those things are distracting you they're not going to tell you the time when the setup's going to form I am they're not going to tell you when these PD arrays are going to form I am you're not going to see which one of those levels on price ladders dims which one of all those things above the marketplace or below the marketplace is it going to stop and turn around on you don't know that and no one using that information does they're just guessing I promise you that is all nonsense look at what this is showing you here folks seriously it's ridiculous when you compare with everything else what what you think and believe about me aside okay listen to me what I just gave you in this lecture tonight is the golden ticket you never need to buy another mentorship you never need to look at a signal service you never need to look at a live streamer and try to copy them never you never need to do that now because what I've giv you here is the actual thing I'm cycling through while I'm watching price action and I'm waiting for these setups and I'm waiting for them to form and I know what I'm looking for see it provides you context it's not just some subjective you know trading on a gut feeling I'm not trusting any indicators because time is on my side I know when the setups are going to form I know when fair value gaps are going to form now you know when they're going to form every 15 minutes on the 15 or 5 minute chart it's forming if it doesn't you're in high resistance liod that means sit still and then you look at time when the macros are forming and fair value gas are forming and it's trading into those at the beginning or going into the beginning of the macro time you know what's coming the price is going to start spooling and if you have a degree of understanding of where it's likely to go well look at the previous lecture I gave this week using the pound dollar this level here go and look at it again okay there's your target from up here down here pyramiding opportunity here with the institutional orderflow inry drill it doesn't need to fill this doesn't need to do anything with this price action why because you have a breakaway Gap that was up here and this is going to be a measuring Gap so half halfway from it starts dropping this is about halfway and you know there have another measure move to that level here it's not complex it's not difficult it's difficult and complex for the people that are brand new or if you didn't really study and back test and log and observe spending time studying past price moves journaling those and then watching the tape real time all these things that you're trying to worry about adding to your chart these new gimmicks I promise you none of that stuff's going to serve you like you think it will time and price that will serve you perfectly and you'll never get the results that I'm showing you here with anything else you'll never get this precise with anything else because there's so many different rules of you know this is that and that's this and come on come on man it ain't happening you you're still guessing you're still just using those things as a catalyst to get into a trade because you don't have a decision mechanism time is my decision mechanism trade condition Market tone is my decision I'm blending several things and I know when I'm not wanting to trade I know when I shouldn't trade and I counsel us students to try not to do anything in those critical times like nonfarm payroll it makes it harder but it's not impossible all right folks there you have it another chapter in the market Wizardry of Michael J Huddleston hope you found insightful hope you learned something from it and hope it inspires you to go into your charts next week with a new sense of urgency on how to capture this information Journal it log it back test it study it do that for a couple weeks up you know maybe a couple months and then once you have a real good collection of what you've seen it in the past do start doing it real time tape reading no demo account no funded account challenges no funded account trading no Live account trading tapee it watch it live and I promise you your the corners of your mouth's going to ache because you can't stop smiling enjoy your weekend until I'll talk to you next week Lord willing be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - Forex & NQ Review 02/05/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muL9EoMpYTM
================================================================================

e hey folks welcome back today's Wednesday February 5th 2025 it's going to be a really short Forex and NASDAQ review before we get into it just note that it's important that you watch the February 4th 2025 market review so I covered some and some of these levels that you're going to look at here I'm taking a great deal of Liberty and thinking that you have these already noted on your chart because you watched the market review from last night so if you have not done that if you have not watched that video it's better if you watch that one first then the levels here that I'm showing you won't look like hindsight okay all right so here's the dollar Index left hand side we have a daily chart and I mentioned we were looking for this POS B cell efficiency to eventually behave basically as a inversion fair value Gap it doesn't have to do it but that's what I'm looking for and then move below this short-term low here where there's minor sell side liquidity if it were to come back up and engage this range over here as an inversion Fair we could eventually see it trade down and take out that low there well the market did in fact trade lower today but it didn't go outside of the low of that expected inversion Fair Val you got here we have the fifth breaking down going to consequent encouragement of this range here now this is not based on the daily chart remember watch the video from last night because this range is anchored on a weekly time frame that's why you don't see it anchored to the right Candlestick Wicks okay it's not a mess up it's just that we moved from a lower I'm sorry we moved from a higher time frame weekly down to a lower time frame daily you can see the bodies respecting the consequent encroachment of that range and close near the high of it 15 minute time frame you can see we used cell balance by efficiency here breaking the low com back up it this basically working inside the upper half of an inversion fair value Gap eventually we want to see a trade down to the low of it and outside of it and then have no willingness I want to get up in this area here but stay at the consequent encroachment level and lower and if it displaces from that point lower the very first lower time frame fair value Gap that could be shorted that's how I look at using inversion fair value gaps if I'm very very convicted about how I believe a market may go higher or lower then I will trade right in the highs of a inversion fair value Gap that has yet to prove itself that takes a little bit more experience but that's eventually something you might gravitate to In your experience five minute sh on dollar Index much of the same thing here just banging back and forth in the upper half of the inversion Fair Bay Gap all right we're looking at a euro dollar chart 15-minute time frame on the left hand side and pound dollar was able to hit our Target first which was a ble equility pool and then euro dollar was a little bit of a lagard and you can look at the relative strength analysis concept I taught mentorship and you'll see the reason why cable was the upside leader which is the only reason why I told the other day in the telegram Channel what the draw liquidity would be for cable I wasn't interested in euro dollar not that it couldn't go up because it usually will trade in sympathy and move you know in tandem whatever cable is doing or pound dollar is doing um in a symmetrical Market meaning the dollar should be going down cable going up or pound dollar going up euro dollar should go up okay but I was interested in cable because it was likely to perform on the upside better than euro dollar and it did in terms of delivery by time but eventually euro dollar gave up The Ghost and traded in sympathy with what uh pound dollar did meaning that it went to its Buy sell Equity pool you'll know what this is if you watch the video from last night okay on February 4th 2025 market review all right so we have a order block here rallies higher runs back down reacts order block here same here hits it trades up fall short of the Buell liquid comes down one more time hits it and then punches through that if you're in a telegram Channel you know I alerted you guys that happened and I told you that was basically the completion of My Week with the trading the uh Community I had no intentions of doing anything extra for the week but we'll get to that in a moment in the five- minute chart here you can see all of the order blocks in here you can see them reacting off of the five minutes chart now I want you to think about how this price action looks lots of whip saing back and forth and overlapping previous ranges a lot that is a high resistance liquidity run condition meaning that your stop losses have to be very generous you can't be trying to trade with a one pip half a pip some these guys that sell mentorships try to try to tell you they do the the likelihood of you staying in the market with a very very tight Ultra small stop loss in the present climate is highly unlikely okay there's trade Wars under way uh companies are you know saber rattling with tariffs and whatnot it's going to cause the markets and the Commodities in interest rate driven markets and currencies to go all over the place which will roll over into equities markets looking at the 5 minute chart you can really see the exact a of the it's like a fuzzy chart and for you folks that are foreign you probably don't understand what I'm saying but it just it's not real crisp okay the inefficiencies aren't crisp and they don't stop on a dime they overshoot them a little bit that's a characteristic of a high resistance liquidity run and they can be traded but it requires you to hold on to the position positions with a little bit larger stop loss less leverage and be a lot more patient and true to form it hit our buy side liquidity poll and that was the second expectation for Forex so pound dollar hit our Target euro dollar hit our Target dollar did not go below the potential inversion fair value Gap because both euro dollar and cable or pound dollar have both met my we objective by hitting those buy side liquidity pools I'm personally no longer interested in it so I don't care if the dollar Index does what I was expecting to do it was used as a catalyst as a thre Market uh Triad where I'm not just simply looking at the euro dollar and thinking am I bullish or bearish that's not that's not good enough you have to look at a closely correlated market like the pound dollar and if it's bullish and you're trying to trade your bullish wonderful then you should be able to confirm that one step further by seeing a bearish dollar so there's always these extra steps when trading Forex which again it's more advantageous for you to trade Futures because it's pretty much straightforward you're looking at one market you really don't have to look at anything else except for the index it's it but I understand there's a lot most of you as my students are Forex Traders I'm just reminding you that you just can't simply look at one pair you're going to trade and think that you have a full grasp on all the considerations that's going to have an impact on the delivery of price in that currency pair right real quick we're going into pound dollar left hand SI the 50-minute time frame you can see here we had water block here on a 15-minute time frame bu B sell sign efficiency very B Gap hits that that's a really good setup in of itself rallies higher another buy B sell efficiency consequent encroachment leaves part of that open like that that's going to be strength if it can rally out it does and runs up into one more time immediate rebounds and then sends it above our Bice liquidity pool again look at last night's February 4th 2025 market review and you'll see these levels and why they're pertinent and then ultimately the market folded and went back back into the previous range on a 5minute chart you can see all those 15-minute time frame order blocks and fair value gaps being utilized here okay and you want to study and take screenshots of all of your markets that you're trading do this with a FIV minute chart 15-minute time frame 60 Minute and or if you want to do like swing trading you can do it with a 4 Hour chart too but certainly with a daily and a weekly and that's why it's important to have one market that you're really specializing in if you're trading Forex you're going to have to do a closely correlated market like euro dollar pound dollar and dollar Index so it's a little bit more involved but if you've gone through my mentorship videos it's on this YouTube channel you'll know that I I pretty much covered it it's like a you PhD level for trading uh orange currency all right running right into e Mini NASDAQ March delivery contract 15minute time frame on the left hand side I celed you in the telegram Channel yesterday to draw your February 4th which is Tuesday's first percent of fair value Gap extend that to the right okay and the market traded lower down into it here and look how it delivered where were the bodies at in the upper half did it even close on the consequent approach on the midpoint of it no it did Wick outside of it but that's permissible that means it's we allow that to happen this is indicating that it's likely to go higher so the market rallies back higher and look at all of these Wicks on both sides of the marketplace see that that right there is high resistance liquidity run conditions that means you're likely get stopped out I got stopped out uh but I did an execution and I'm gonna cover what I was doing and also answer there's a there's a handful of folks out there and let me let me just say this folks and please do not write in the comment section like I need someone to Pat me on the back and encourage me because I'm not bothered by these types of individuals but I want you to understand what I'm going to show you tonight because this will literally shut down all the other arguments okay about the things I'm teaching and what I'm telling you what they're based on there are people out there are saying that obviously there's no algorithm there's no Central algorithm there's no this there's no that okay um whether they made money or not is irrelevant because they have absolutely no understanding about what it is I'm sharing what I'm proving by execution and also with the logic okay I don't care if you know Tim Buck two from Backwoods Johnny's you know bending a criek has uh made money and he's been doing this and she's been doing that I could care less about all that everybody has an opinion okay everyone has an opinion about what the markets go by how they use you know buy side sell side buying pressure selling pressure support resistance everybody has an opinion okay I'm not here to try to convince new people I'm here talking to the collective that has already arrived at the understanding that these markets are completely rigged they're 100% manipulated and delivered on a time-based delivery mechanism that means it's an algorith it's scripted everything is scripted okay so for the folks that say that for instance I revealed what a imp 24 is it is the actual logic that's used to frame a daily range in any Market okay now it's one thing for me to say it and then show a pre-recorded video where it's been said by a handful of people again and it catches momentum because these individuals keep putting it out there saying this is what he's doing talk about me he's doing this he's using multiple computers he's he's hiding his losing trades he's you know he's doing multiple things and he's deleting the things he says wrong and you're only seeing the times he does it right so I saw some messages come to me and they're asking what my opinion is or am I going to answer these people that are saying this and and saying that okay so I was initially done for the week I didn't want to do anything else so I was like okay well just watch what I do with the NASDAQ today and I thought to myself I was like how can I cancel any argument about it only being one narrative that I'm going to delivered today I'm only going to be looking at One Direction in the marketplace I'm only going to be looking at a specific discount level and I'm going to be looking for a scenario that takes price higher using what I've already taught okay but an imp 24 on a day like today is what I framed now how can you if say you were going to do something like this say you want to go out to the public and prove something like it's not a magic trick not performing slight of hand here I know how to do slight of hand but I'm certainly not doing it here you're you're listening to people sometimes on the internet that are wrestling with this idea that there's no way one person and let alone all of us that can see what these markets are doing algorithmically and find consistency find continuity find a profitability that is unmatched with Precision see it's it's it's hard for the individuals that don't train with me and haven't seen this for years you're getting a taste in that telegram Channel what it was like for mentorship students for six years every single day every single day that's the reason why you never saw anybody come out and say he's not really doing it he's wrong a lot okay so and I know some this is probably boring some of you some of you are just want to get right to the point well the the point is this I'm trying to prove that there's no way to escape what I did today there's no way to escape it so I thought to myself I like if I post something on X invariably someone's going to say well he posted something else and he just deleted it and somebody that comes to the YouTube channel where finds out about what is them teaching and they listen some of these yahoos and they'll say well he's doing this he's a fraud he's a scammer he doesn't do this doesn't do that um I've never faked my p&l I did a meme joke against someone else who I knew was doing those types of things so everything you see that's being said about that three-letter person I portrayed on the Internet is largely false okay so I I wanted to prove that the things I claim I can do using the things I'm teaching how can I prove it to you how can I prove that logic exists well I can't simply just post what I think's going to happen on Twitter I simply can't just go into telegram because I could delete something there so how can I do it in a manner where it can't be changed it can't be edited and it's in multiple forms of witness that means I'm going to pick a student of mine that live streams just so happens to be Tanya trades so I went into her live stream this morning and I posted the Imp 24 logic that was going to be used today for nasdaq's daily range I can't edit anything that's posted into a live chat in a stream you can't do it and I can't do it the best you can do is delete right so there was a couple thousand people that saw her stream and you can see the time in her live stream around 9:34 something like that she's in the same time zone as I am she's in New York I'm in the state of Maryland so we're on the East Coast of United States so we share the same time zone so the things I'm posting you can verify the time I'm posting it while while watching her live stream now there's a little bit of a delay there's always some measure of a delay when you're live streaming on YouTube but the point is that I stated that I wanted to see 21, 58 cells side hit first then I said I like 2,615 and then the highs around 3 p.m. on Tuesday okay so what does that sound like can that be argued is there ambiguity there was I in any way ambiguous about what I want to see happen first the market needs to go down first to what level 21 , 58 then go higher why because the values I said I liked was 21615 I even told trades by mat in a text that's what I was looking for too okay so I got two witnesses there but that wasn't going to be good enough I needed to say it in her live stream and I wanted people to see it there and not have a plethora of laptop computers and recording multiple setups and multiple examples of this that and the other thing I can only do it one time and I had to stick to the logic I put out in someone else's live stream I don't tell Tanya what trades to get into okay I don't do that but I did make the idea of what I'm going to be implementing for my trade that you saw I did a recording of it I did it an execution and I'm going to explain to you in great detail tonight how I did it okay so that way I performed the function of calling it in advance I ordered the price action to behave a certain way and if it did that I will engage price action I stuck with the idea based on the things I'm going to teach tonight now in the telegram Channel I told the members and if you're brand new and you just signed up and you're in there go through the audio clips and you'll hear me talk about taking Tuesday's first present valap which is this pink area down here to extend it to the right and it was likely going to draw down into it and it happened this morning at 5:00 a.m. eastern time and you can see that over here on the F minute chart so the London setup was this sell side and balance buy side and efficiency Market trades up into it there this little Wick is okay during the London open Kill Zone breaks lower this sell sign and balance buyid efficiency is going to act as an inversion Fair B Gap so we want to see it stay in the lower half which is what we're seeing here and look at the bodies it's not even willing to get up in there so is that indicating strength or weakness weakness so the market does what it drives lower takes out that low and trades right into Tuesday's first percent of value G find that and white off it's not there so we're looking at a one minute chart now now here's where you want to stop everything around you if your wife's talking to you pleasantly ask her honey can I have a couple minutes to myself for a moment or if you're fearful don't say that at all pause the video and come back when she's asleep or elsewhere married men you know what I'm talking about here so this is the part you want to pay attention to basically because if you've been lost in the the dialogue of the has been giving you for the last couple minutes Shake Yourself okay really really really pay attention to this part because this is the part that proves authorship this is the part that proves foresight and it's not leaning on any other other person's logic or school of thought okay I promise you this starts and ends with me okay so one minute chart on NASDAQ March delivery contract 2025 it's a one minute chart and we're showing it in regular trading hours okay rth when you put your chart on rth what it's going to do is if there's a discrepancy between the previous day's settlement price and the 930 opening price eastern time you'll see it in the form of a gap like it did here okay so if we open lower than the previous day's settlement in rth or regular trading hours that is called a discount opening range gap opening range Gap High when it opens lower at 930 the opening price at 930 is the opening range Gap low notice this low over here that's not what you see in my recording but it's based on the logic that we had already opened up at that low and went lower traded up into the Gap a little bit one more time but did not completely close it in the market drops from there takes out that shortterm low and causes individuals to see this as a continuation pattern known as a bare flag now I'm saying that here and you're saying to yourself if you're a brand new viewer it's easy to say this stuff in hindsight but I'm going to counsel you go back and watch the recording where I'm typing it out in t in uh not tellr but in trading views platform okay you can see me typing it out and I say it a very specific moment that now retail Traders see this as a bare flag and I also State when it trades down and validates that bare flag I say at this moment retail Traders now trapped and then the Market's going to go higher and it's going to have a big reversal to the upside all these uh components with this cell side being taken here the fact that we had a a discount opening range Gap that means it's likely to see the market trade up midgap but what happens if we have relative equal highs above the marketplace and we're part of a market that's bullish too well that means that we're likely to see not only just the Gap closure between 930s opening and the pre a settlement price it may go through that Gap closure and keep going higher so here is our opening range Gap and you can drop a fib when it's a discount opening range Gap it means we open lower than previous day's settlement there so here we have lower opening you draw your Fib from that closing price to the opening price and there's your quadrant levels okay look at the sensitivity how every one of these candlesticks they stop and they turn they hug that level here it consequent encroachment we come back down one more time look at the bodies they're not even respecting that level here the Wicks get down to it and throw it but the body is just saying no it's about time to start rallying I got stopped out by railing up my stop loss real tight because I wanted to go on the Twitter I wanted to see the buzz of what what I just did in uh in Tanya's live stream because it's word travels fast on on social media especially if you have a thre little name like mine and everybody likes to you take shots at it that's fine but uh today you you caught some smoke so the the point is this the market trades down and then picks up the discount inside this Balan price range what makes this a Balan price range single down Clos candle is a Cy sing single up close candle it's ay so the Market's not likely to go past this it can trade into it but it's not likely go over top of this and go lower we're seeing it do it here and it starts to Rally up one more time touches the high of the opening range Gap that rallies Up And Trades into a a higher uh premium level that I even called for today so with that logic we're going to take a look over here now we're in electronic trading hours right here in the lower right hand corner relative equal highs here and this is more or less the 4 pm high but I just real quickly looked at it down here when I was given guidance in the video that this is what I was basically aiming at so technically that's actually a 4:00 high but you can see right below it I got 53y old eyes folks okay sometimes is this it's it's going to make it self known in in what I'm doing live um I'm not as quick as I used to be and I got that Grandpa syndrome coming on so here's Tuesday's first presented Fair Bay Gap and extended over Market hits that and then rallies up now find that in supply and demand find that in woff find that in Elliot wave find that in anything else you're not going to find that you're not going to find it okay I promise you it's not it's not going to happen and how is it that I'm always sharing in the telegram and if I go on people's live streams that are students of mine I'll point out the very specific PD arrays that's going to be used by the algorithm how am I getting them right it can't be cherry-picked then it can't be cherry-picked it can't be hindsight Only Winners shown it's me using the logic that I have poured myself into on this YouTube channel all you have to do is spend time studying this stuff but you think you're going to learn it right away and that's not going to happen that's why I said my coursework learning under me the tutelage I put you through it's the most expensive even though I'm not charging you anything now it's the most expensive because you have to put down everything you think you believe the market operates on the buying and selling pressure myth it doesn't work it doesn't hold up you're you're not going to see the understanding that's necessary for you to trade with this level Precision if you're holding on to retail archaic logic that's really it's a red herring it's the it's meant to have you believe something that's not true and they tell you to accept less than Precision to accept the fact that you're going to get it wrong a lot because why wouldn't you get it wrong why wouldn't you it's human nature for you to get it wrong a lot okay and I want you to contrast that listen folks I had two guys comeing to me in the in my comment section and they're saying you you you brag too much you're just like the trolls I'm not bragging I'm I'm speaking facts I know how to brag and I'm not I'm having a conversation with you in in the most civil manner I can and I'm trying to be sensitive to the people that have very very let's put this way they have their feathers ruffled very quickly and easily and I'm trying to be delicate with them because I I want you to learn that's all and that's why I'm here I'm showing you these things to prove to you there is something going on besid es retail patterns buying and selling pressure depth of Market ladders you know level two data you know all those heat Maps you know liquidity maps all that stuff they're all gimmicks they they're they're meant to make you think you have an edge you have a secret weapon none of that stuff matters I know where the orders are before those things start sharing it with you and I want you to look at what I do on that telegram Channel I want you to look at what I did today and find a way where I could have done it and not have done it truthfully show how I can fake that today I promise you you're going to end up very frustrated and it's it's an open challenge tell me how I did it how I how did I fake it it's not possible because I put it out there in a manner where I can't change it I can't manipulate at the perspective that what I said is what it is and I have to only engage based on that so with all that said we have the relative equal highs up here where there's the buy side and then we have the opening range Gap High which is previous days regular trading hours settlement price I have video work on that so if you're looking at the opening range Gap there's a lecture on this YouTube channel for free you can study it it's a little bit more detail so it tells you the times and whatnot so we opened up did all this back and forth price action in here and then eventually traded higher and then ripped even higher into that buy side but notice that during the London session ending at 500 a.m. that's when we get this first present of fair value got from Tuesday now if there's an algorithm okay if there's an algorithm that's a very specific price engine that causes price to go to certain price levels not because of sellers not because of a lack of buyers the market keeps offering lower prices as it gets to these levels here but it's never a straight line it's going to go back and forth back and forth back and forth but the ultimate goal is is going to get into that right there like I said in the telegram Channel don't take my word for it go back and listen to them I promise you there's almost 70,000 people in it right now and if any one of these messages ever get deleted they're going to scream to the internet police and say hey look at this guy he's deleting things you're welcome to take screenshots every day that way you can see every timestamp and you'll see nothing ever gets changed I don't edit anything I can't edit anything it's an audio clip it's real quick it's easy and you all hear it as it comes out my mouth okay so we have a nice Turning Point here that's the low of the day and the market rallies up into a draw in liquidity here but let's get some detail let's pull back the veil on Market Wizardry if you will let me show you something in here that no one else is going to be able to teach you okay can I do that can you suspend your disbelief in me and your uh Prejudice okay the put down your pitchforks and your just for a moment okay I promise you can pick a back up if you're not impressed by this but just let's walk down this road here for a little bit and have a conversation because if you listen to me I promise this is going to help you whether you like me or not I trust that what this is going to show is going to give you something that is going to build in your understanding how price delivers all right so we have price zoomed in we have the the opening range Gap that's shown here and then look right here see these relative equal lows now it may not have been obvious to you when you were watching price this morning but if you listen to what I shared in the 2024 mentorship on my YouTube channel for free I taught how to look in pre-market for these areas like this if you have a bias if you have a draw on liquidity which in this case is 2,694 which is the relative equal highs from the previous day it's likely to continue going higher on the daily chart and then we have this obvious pool of liquidity where there's relative equal highs so that's a smooth area and the market tends to make that Jagged smooth edges become Jagged or are made Jagged that was the little catchphrase that came up within 2024 well the same thing's here these are smooth edges is relative equal Low's so the Market's going to do what it's most likely going to go down there and disrupt that smoothness and it does so here see that now let's go one step further and prove logic that this algorithm uses because if you've ever studied higher order math and or science and or algorithmic science if you've ever worked with an algorithm you have to have data you have to have not only do you have to have logic and syntax but you have to have data so what I'm showing you is what data arrays which is what I call my PD array premium or discount array what specific prices not zones we're not talking about Supply demand zones which is a myth sounds Sounds Clever it's just a it's a Twist on support and resistance but I'm telling you very specific price levels and I'm cutting through all the other ones that aren't really there that's what you should be noticing in that telegram Channel that's what you're about to see here so if we take price away and we have known price levels now everything else except for what I'm showing you right here doesn't exist okay if you ever watched the movie The Matrix and Neo sees the little um boy bending the spoon with his mind and he's like how'd you do that he goes well you got to look at it like this there is no spoon okay look at it this way there is no buying and selling pressure now think if I know very specific people arrays very specific price elements that the algorithm is going to use what can I have with that I have a an advantage that you don't have that everybody else doesn't have because everyone else is busy looking for patterns they're looking for buying and selling pressure they're looking for Doms depth of Market level two data they're looking for Trend folling indicators they're looking for the simplest of simple you can do go do that you can be profitable with good sound money management I'm not happy with that I want freakish Precision I want to be able to if you watch me trade you're going to be able to say there ain't nothing like that and that's what I wanted I've wanted that all my life so I'm showing you I'm pulling back the bail I'm showing you smart money okay I'm showing you a smart money Trader revealing something to you that you would have never known before okay now I'm not selling this but I've proven it already today and I'm showing you right now how I did it we have the draw liquidity which is how I taught for the last few years and in my paid mentorship which I don't have anymore I won't do it anymore and it's all uploaded on my YouTube channel and the videos that are commentary they're all coming too that draw on liquidity is indicating the Market's like the draw up there okay so you can build to buy it that it's going to be bullish the next price that's static is at 930 whatever that price is at 9:30 it cannot change so we wait for 9:30 eastern time so that is your opening price at 9:0 30 and that is your regular trading hour reference point and then you compare that with the previous day's regular trading hour settlement price you see how these are they're static they're constants once they're there based on time delivery all you're going to do is wait for the reference that's useful for it and this case it's the 930 opening price where are we at in relationship to that previous day settlement price higher or lower in this case we opened lower and we have a draw on liquidity in a potentially bullish market and we're looking for 2,694 as the upside draw so we know what the likelihood is that the daily range is going to go higher does it close on the high we don't need it to do that but we're looking for reasons to justify an entry to get into this Market long but can we just buy anywhere no you have to buy in a discount then we have an obvious relative equal low sell side liquidity pool so now we know there's stops there we know the opening price at 9:30 we know the previous day settlement price in regular trading hours and then we know the draw on liquidity Nothing Else Matters yet so now because we have these reference points we can now take a look at it from an algorithmic delivery mechanism because we open lower the likelihood of that Gap that's shaded it can see it do that there's nothing wrong with that it can do that but normally if you're bullish and you're expecting higher prices it can do something like this as well it can open up right at the opening and just go straight right to it and there's nothing you can do about it sometimes you're going to Mis moves I Mis move sometimes like that just I can't be a part of it if it's too fast but today I used the Imp 24 which is something that I can't teach that part to you but I can showcase it I can prove to you in my hands this this is what I know and nobody else knows it so it's kind of like me snubbing my nose at the people that say there is no algorithm and this guy's a fraud okay explaining way this the Market opens at 9:30 I know that it's likely to draw up into that Gap but I don't think it's going to completely close the gap why I'm going to show you it starts off by going up there that's why I said I like 21615 because I was trying to time and pick the very price that it was going to go up to but not close in the entire range of that Gap then the market drops goes out to the sell side why because that first run up in there people want to see that Gap closed a lot of people know gaps need to be closed gaps have to be closed gaps like to be closed not initially they don't have to do it right away it can be deferred so by dropping down there everyone that bought it trying to get that Gap closure they're getting crushed and their stop loss that's below the low of the day or if they're using this area down here as a stop- loss location they're rated I know that this is going to happen so I'm going to buy as it does that very thing underneath at 21508 then I'm going to expect the market to go up and close the gap and then if I can still hold on to the move get that ride up into the buy side liquidity there ultimately this is my power three no one else teaches this but me now there's a lot of people that's learned from me and they have tried to put it in book form and they sell mentorships and they don't tell anybody that they learned it from me because they want to sound like they're smart and they're genius and whatever but you'll never see them do what you watch me do today and that's why I don't teach everything there has to be something held back for me and it's not selfishness it's the fact that I can point to someone and say they're a liar you didn't learn that from a book you didn't learn that from somebody that doesn't even live anymore it's come from my work and that's why I put it out publicly it's in a in a format where on YouTube you all can see that I'm the author of all this stuff now let's take a look at it in price action what this is suggesting is is I want to be buying at the opening price at 930 in regular trading hours or lower in that green box and then also there's our first percent of fair value Gap now I rushed in the recording to draw it because you know markets are moving around but this this is how the the Gap should look you got to include that volume in balance as it goes below this cell Sol the C pole here I'm buying it I'm waiting for it to dive down there and buy that because I know what I just outlined is likely to occur there are my entries notice how they're all grouping below the first presented fair value capap area here and it's inside there too want a couple of them right at it is it right there that's that's one there and it's below that cide L Cody pool so every PD array that formed while it looked like a be flag a couple different times in here it's not I'm buying all that up and I'm showing every single PDR that was available at the time in the recording watch the the recording for today okay February 5th 2025 that execution video on NQ you'll watch me do it live and am executing on it with a very very small stop loss now here's the execution label so you can see the actual prices and then it delivers above the opening range Gap high and then I bring the stop loss up here because if it stops me out that's fine I can I can go over to my favorite hauns on YouTube and and see what everybody saying if I wanted to keep it wide then I potentially could have got stopped out and gave up more of the open profit but because the volatility is off the chain right now with all of the you tariffs and whatnot it's just it's better for me just to bring the stop loss up because it's done enough and then ultimately it did go up to where I said it was going to go okay and also had a midpoint level which I taught last night in the review where you have two liquidity pools and if you're bullish find a halfway point between that and that's a that's a bide the quility pool as well but again you're not going to learn that in books and things but it's going to find its way in Amazon books now because I taught it so anyway uh that's what I did today and I did it in a manner where it cannot be argued that it was only one explanation one delivery one thing happening first which is the drop down then rallying up and it takes a great deal of understanding about what the algorithm is likely to do what it's not likely to do nobody just gets lucky doing this kind of stuff okay nobody teaches us another books okay there's no other person out there I can say I learned that from okay I'm I'm I'm being honest with you and if you don't like that and you just can't believe it that's okay make videos about me that's okay because it just causes more curiosity and then when they come here and they join the telegram Channel and they watch me do it live somebody's a liar and it ain't me here is Tanya trades live stream and you can see if you zoom in right in here you can see the time and this is me saying I like the 2158 minor sside first that means the stop run below then 21615 I like it and then the relative equal Highs at 3 p.m. on Tuesday there's no way you can twist that around to make it say anything other than just what I just outlined tonight there's no play on words there's no word s there there's nothing extra it's a straight to the point it's got to drop first below 21508 and then it's going higher and not just some Zone very specific price levels so that's it for tonight and for this week I will be working on video lectures so that way you guys can um have them in your hot little hands uh I don't know at what pace I'm going to have them but you'll get them throughout the weekend too so I'll schedule them for a release you know at at 8:00 time Eastern time enjoy your weekend I hope you learned something this week in the telegram Channel I hope you're inspired I hope you're encouraged I hope you get really excited about one to learn all this stuff because I have a lot of things I want to share with you this year doing it not just talking about in hindsight right wink wink nuts nuts till I'll talk to you next time Lord willing be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ Live Execution Using Analysis I Shared In Student's Livestream  02/05/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2XQ2ja5jxM
================================================================================

[No English subtitles available]


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - SMC Forex Review 02/04/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cYwwE1GoV8
================================================================================

e welcome back folks so today is Tuesday February the 4th 2025 we're going to be doing a Forex review and I've already done this now I'm doing it a second time feels like nostalgic uh memories is flooding back all the times I used to do these uh Forex reviews and lectures and teachings and whatnot they'd be very very long and then I'd get to the editing section or phase of the video production and realized that my microphone was unplugged or on mute and that's exactly what just H Place moments ago so this is the second time I'm doing this so if I didn't love what I was doing I certainly wouldn't be doing it to say it that way so we're looking at the dollar Index here and if you take a look in the upper leand corner it is denoting that we are looking at a weekly chart okay so dollar Index on the weekly chart take your attention up to this Candlestick right here that discount Wick when prices below it becomes a premium array or premium Wick notice the red level here that's consequent encroachment because Wicks we treat just like gaps okay so note that level here it's at 110.14 three and then note this fair value Gap right here I'm denoting that as a potential inversion fair value Gap so should price trade lower on a daily chart if we go below that come back up in targeting minor sell side there if it were to break below it close and then start a new candle trade up into it and then ignore or let's say this way avoid trading back in the upper half once leaving below it that's how we set the stage for inversion Fair bag that's bearish so it starts with a buy side and balance sell side efficiency but then changes its characteristic to then looking for it to act as a premium array okay so it's reversing it its role but not only that it's qualified by not seeing price go back in the upper half now it can Wick up into it but we don't ever want to see the bodies lay in the upper half once it leaves it if you see that then it's probably not going to be a valid inversion fair value G now one of the things you can do for your notes when you see this form note the time frame that it's forming on so if we see price go below it come back up in and avoid trading in the upper half and then it displaces once you can use the lower time frame from like inance we're looking at the daily chart we can go to a 4 hour or one hour chart and the very next fair value Gap that would be bearish that would be a really good high probability setup that take us down into the next discount array in this case it would be this low with sell side and the fair value Gap over here so we have two discount arrays right there and an orderer block see that so there's three specific PD arrays that are converging around there now this is a little bit more intermediate term targets so I know a lot of you in the comment section say can you talk about things a little bit higher time frame well I don't swing trade in current market environments and when we start talking about Commodities you'll start seeing a little bit further time frames you that hold out with analysis Beyond just a a few hours intraday I'm predominantly a day trader and index Futures is my my thing so when we're doing the Forex reviews we'll be working on these higher time frame charts and I believe the majority of my audience is actually still Forex uh Traders at heart because every time I put a video up if it's just index Futures you know I get about you know a third of my normal viewership but if I do anything with Forex and we'll test it tonight with the with the you clickbait title right but it's all Forex in this video uh there's a little bit more fevered interest in in what I'm talking about when it's Forex and I get it but you know I'm reminding you that I'm not actively trading Forex anymore but this is a very short-term Target and more intermediate term here what changes that if we go back above the consequent encouragment of this wick on a closing basis these ideas are going to be put to the sideline for the near term hourly chart for the dollar Index you can see we traded up in that consequent encroachment of that wick on the weekly chart and then the upper I'm sorry the lower quadrant of that Wick which is the 25 level and then we displace lower Inver I'm sorry institutional overflow entry drill here trades lower it comes back up into the daily bearish order block and I didn't mention that let me go back up I apologize this last up Clos candle here that's a bearish order block more specifically it's a propulsion block because we have this mess in here so that's why I'm focusing primarily on that one because there's two volume imbalance in here and this last up closed candle it's trading up into that but it's not going Beyond and half of it so look at month Four's content of my ICT private mentorship video again it's month fours content you can see in the playlist and I go through the basic PD arrays that's not all 81 of them but it's the ones I taught when I was doing paid mentorship which I don't do anymore I'm not doing it ever again so it's all uploaded for free on my YouTube channel so have at it but that is a propulsion Block it's a bearish propulsion block so price trades up into it today and then Rejects and goes lower so that's what that level is it's a daily bearish order block so we start trading here rally up and then break aggressively lower this is that Weekly fair value Gap that I am expecting and I might be wrong but I'm expecting it to perform as an inversion fa value Gap and then attack that minor sell side liquidity and then we'll see if it even gets down there at all if it wants to make another attempt to break lower and attack that convergence of those three discount arrays the order block fair value Gap and the sside liquidity poll all right we're going to segue right into euro dollar we're going to not need to look at the weekly or the daily we're going to cut right to the chase of the hourly chart because everything would be the opposite of what we're expecting on the dollar Index now right away take a look at this pause the video that way before I show the annotations you can test yourself see what your uh observations skill set is at the time all right here's a fair value got right there b Bal cell efficiency Market trades down to that on today's trading here around midnight or so and rallies up creates another fair value Gap there reacts off of it there sends us up into this old in efficiency and above this short-term high but I'm going to take your attention to the CBI right here this is sell side and balance byy side and efficiency big big mouthful a lot of word sell out there but all it is is a big single candle that doesn't have its range shared by the previous candle or the subsequent candle after that so this sell side in Balance by side efficiency when price is bullish we expect this to act as an inversion fair value Gap so you can drop your FIB top of it and get the upper quadrant consequent encroachment red level lower quadrant and the low and we shade it or I shade it just to help you guys follow along with the l I'm thinking about in terms of these PD arrays whenever you see an orange one I'm expecting it to reverse its role okay so since it's sell side and balance I'm sorry sell side and balance bide and efficiency normally if it was a bearish market when it trades up into this upper quadrant or consequent encroachment or even a lower quadrant if it's extremely bearish that would be enough for the to roll over and go lower but if we're expecting weakness in the dollar Index then this is not going to be seen as a selloff it's going to be used as a means of supporting price okay so all these levels here the low lower quadrant consequent equ Upp quadrant we expect them to act as a discount array okay to support price so the market does in fact trade down to its low here then finds the support at that fair value Gap there and then look at the bodies they couldn't even trade at and close at or below the lower quadrant that's extremely bullish the market rallies up this candle opens trades right down the the consequent encroachment the mid level rallies falls short of the high breaks back down in Fair Value Gap there and then rallies outside of it into this old inefficiency and above that short-term High notice these very very smooth okay so there's liquidity up in there so if we have a sustained price run I think that euro dollar could visit this area I'm not telling you that it's going to do that I'm looking at the price action which is extremely sloppy right now in Forex I'm being honest with you so that way you know that I'm not giving you these targets with high level conviction I'm just giving you based on what I see in my opinion it's not trade advice it's not me inspiring you out there and take trades on this information you know it's the beginning of the year it's a whole lot of things going on geopolitically trade Wars are underway I mean it's it's it's wild west right now so you got to be very very careful the market are GNA be extremely volatile as they were today and just be very careful all right dropping down to a 15-minute time frame see a little bit more detail here here is today's beginning at midnight trading down to that fair value Gap and then we rally up consequent encroachment beautiful inside of a small little Gap right there and then rallies up comes back down into another Gap there and a bullish breaker low high lower low we're above it there okay and then rallies higher comes back down in touch the upper quadrant level of the inversion fair value Gap then sends price higher look at the bodies stopping at the inversion fair value Gap High that's this Cy look at that it's beautiful a't it beautiful and rallies outside of it right five minute chart zoomed in here we have the low of the day around midnight rallies up we have London open Kill Zone it's been a long time since I said those words so we have a buy side and Bal sell side efficiency the market trades down into that handsomely and that is your London open Killzone long or the London open Killzone Silver Bullet okay very very easy methodology applied to London open and then rally to this would be easy bread and butter setup or upper quadrant level of the Cy that would be a nice Target from here to there adding as a pyramiding c efficiency dropping down consequent encouragment then sends it comes back down and touches the bullish breaker remember we looking at it on a 15minute time frame now these two candles are broken up but they're consecutive so that's the same thing as what we showed on the 15minute time frame extend that forward support here and then trades down to look at the bodies right on the mean threshold because mean threshold is an order block midpoint it's not a gap midpoint so gaps are consequent encroachment at the mid level and Order blocks which is real Candlestick ranges they are mean threshold so look at that the body's stopping right there during what New York open Kill Zone rallies up comes down to the top of the bullish breaker over here then displacement higher beautiful fair value Gap hammer time again right in there sends it higher trades to outside the inversion fair value Gap comes back into this fair value Gap here and then starts sending it higher into London close Segway into British pound one hour chart again no need to look at the weekly indor daily it's going to be the opposite of what we see in the week dollar so it's going to be bullish pound dollar pause the video so that way you can test yourself see what I'm going to annotate all right so we have a buy side liquidity pull up here and we have minor minor buy side liquidity here relative equal highs and we're going to look at these here later on but right now here's the same thing we saw in the euro dollar Cy when bullish it's going to act as an inversion fair value got put your gradient levels in with your FIB which is the 75 50 and 25 levels respectively we have the market show buy B sell efficiency institutional or entry jail meaning it doesn't even trade the halfway or close the gap in and then rallies higher that is strength we have another buy side and balance so sign efficiency fair value Gap here rallies above again institutional Oro in never even touches the midpoint comunes back down in touches the inversion Fair VAP once more during the overnight at midnight time rallies comes back into a rejection block which lowest down closed candle closing price then rallies up and takes the minor buy side out here 15minute time frame you see a little bit more detail here we have the little low of that Cy when it trades up into it institutional overflow entry Dr here and here consequent encroachment never is touched rallies comes back down in institutional orl inent drill on the b b efficiency here and notice the body stopping at the high that inversion fair value got right there and here as well they're all signals that the algorithm is saying it's going to go higher okay just look for higher prices so when when it was trading here what's the easiest low hanging fruit objective if you're going to look for something going higher and you don't want to demand this buy side and you don't want to demand this buy side but you just simply want to ride something to the upside because you trust that this is telling you it want to go higher well what's this right here relative equal highs okay so that's the one I was highlighting during the telegram session this morning at 8:45 for February 4th 2025 real-time market conditions and and real time commentary look at the time for 8:45 a.m. New York local time by the way so I tell you or told the members at that time that I believe that that was an easy low hanging fruit objective for draw liquidity for pound it's the only Forex commentary I gave today and that was given at 845 and I'll tell you more detail about why 845 I told you that and we have another cby here when the Market's bullish C's turn into bullish inversion fair value gaps so look at the body's stopping rate the consequent encouragement level of that beautiful isn't it rallies higher down Clos candle that is a bullish order block on the 15-minute time frame see it up here 15minute time frame bullish order block opens here trades down that's your 845 time when it starts to spool price higher nice measuring Gap rallies up into the minor buy side but easily gets to the relative equal highs here which were based on Monday's 4 o'clock highs okay five minute time frame oh I just caught a typo that should say 15 minutes not five minutes so I apologize it's basically the order block that is outline on the 15 in time frame so we have the Cy here which is the smaller one this was the larger one here now we went into this one so just for S of clarity we're looking at this Cy and this is that larger one so you can see that little white fair value Gap shaded area here and then this one here now when we drop into a five minute this is going to look big and all of this is not going to be fully seen it's just going to show this little area in this area here and that's what we're seeing here that small little area of the larger one and this is that civvy so it trades down to the low of it here trades outside of it creates a minor cell side liquidity pool with these relative equal lows during the London open Kill Zone trades up creates relative equal highs retraces back down into in New York open Kill Zone the lower quadrant of the Cy clears the minor cell side liquidity here during the New York open Kill Zone rallies up touches the high of the Cy moves higher creates a fair value Gap that's bullish and now we have what consequent encroachment order block on a 15minute time frame that is not correct it should say 15 minutes again trades to it here rallies up clears minor buy side rallies up runs one more time and this is a 10:00 Silver Bullet so yes it works in Forex so it rallies up we didn't get to the minor buy side here trades down until here perfect stop at consequent encouragement and then runs into London close now let's say you want to trade in the direction of that first minor buy side liquidity pull but you just don't have the conviction or the experience to hold for it well you can take a in here along here along here but then measure this High to that next liquidity pool every liquidity pole has in and of itself a midpoint an algorithmic level that it will reach to okay so it looks like this if you take the FIB and you anchor it to this High draw it up to this level here and just highlight the midpoint 50 level that's what this is here and you can see that's a very easy objective to reach for for 1.24 55 and we would call that a buy sell Equity pool now it's not anchored to anything it's out inside the range between two pools of liquidity but just like when you're looking at these things that you feel are super science uh these ladders these Doms where it shows the the buy orders and the sell orders above and below the marketplace you don't need that you do not need that at all and if you start applying these Concepts like I'm teaching you here you'll be able to see that there's a lot of interest in that midpoint level there and it never needs to go to this level here which is how you learn how to trade inside the range and never require price to ever trade outside of it hi folks that's it for tonight I hope you had fun hope you learned something today if not come back tomorrow and I'm sure you'll find something inspiring in and educational till I'll talk to you tomorrow Lord willing be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - NQ Live Execution Using Telegram Key Levels 02/04/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJG3kV_lupg
================================================================================

[No English subtitles available]


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Review February 03, 2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-9jSs1Oq_c
================================================================================

e I'm back folks all right it's going to be a short little market review for Monday February 3rd 2025 this is a 15 minute time frame chart for Nasdaq March delivery contract 2025 and you take note of this large gap in here is electronic trading hours so there's this settlement price on previous Friday and then Sunday's opening price so as your new week opening Gap and I want you to take a look at how we dropped down created a low in the morning session there came back up and slowly grinded back up into a gap closure there 5 minute chart same new week openting Gap a gap low lower or a discount new week opening Gap Market rallies up again relative equal lows sell side there and the market breaks below that and then sends it back higher into the Gap all of this price action in here I'll talk about that when we get down into the one minute chart all right so here's your one minute chart previous Friday's settlement price on the close that's your new week opening Gap High opening price 600 p.m. on Sunday evening eastern time that is your new week opening Gap low why is that because it's lower than where we settled on Friday so we have a discount new week opening Gap and putting the FIB on the closing price on Friday and the opening price on Sunday 6 PM eastern time that gives you your new week opening Gap gradients here's the lower quadrant consequent cachent or mid Gap upper quadrant and then the high all right now here is the opening range Gap going be using it on regular trading hours previous settlement and then the 930 opening price that's what that is is there and you're going to draw your Fib from Friday settlement down to the opening price so that Candlestick at 9:30 and then the FIB here's your lower quadrant consequent encouragment upper quadrant and the high which is previous day settlement in this case it's Friday now we're going to blend and add both the new week opening Gap and the opening range gap which is what's shown here in the chart right now okay see there's a convergence of the lower quadrant consequent encouragment and the upper quadrant and the market finds some support there here here and Consolidated into that first restive everybody got I know it's small that's what you have to note then we have our bearish Cy Mar trades up into that breaks lower and if you go into the telegram Channel you'll hear the audio clips I gave in guidance this morning for tape reading the market real quick let me remind you uh my telegram channel is not a signal service I'm not trying to put you into trades I'm trying to teach you how to follow the delivery of price action look for reoccurring patterns recuring uh runs on liquidity characteristics that tend to repeat also just teaching that we can see very easy low hanging fruit objectives be met so draws on liquidity is the primary function of my telegram channel uh my executions are not meant for you to be followed obviously I shared my stop losses today I explained what I was looking for in the beginning of the day my interest was the new week opening Gap consco encouragement okay um you can go back and listen to that U when we were trading lower I was saying that in no rush we're waiting for them to set the snare okay that means the Market's been going lower I want to see something in my PD arays fail and I'll teach what that was in a moment but once it starts to trade higher my interest was I want to see if we can get back above the first perent of fair B at 931 candle on M chart and then Above This Cy here and then that Cy should turn to a inversion fair value Gap now in my haste you'll notice that there's a volume and balance in here that should be anchored to that and you'll see that that candlestick's high right here would be flush with that high but I have old age now my eyes are not what they used to be so when I'm dropping these little rectangles in um sometimes I might be off so when you're doing your own annotations just be mindful that if there's a volume in Balance inside of the inefficiency always include that okay but that inversion fair value Gap here I want to be going long aiming for this area here okay so we walked through this morning I gave you some ideas with minor soci liquidity pool which I'll show you in a moment what that was but I'm encouraging you to go back and listen to the audio clips and look at the time that they were posted and then look at your one minute chart okay but in here in this little tiny little section right there my entry is trying to get as close as I can to that line right there that mid midpoint so I watch this Candlestick go up and as it was retracing back down in I aimed for that and the next candle I waited for it to open and then start rallying back up into and then that's when I set my stop loss so what I was looking for is it to create the low that Candlestick there and if you look real close there's a little separation between this candlestick's high that candlestick's low that's a breakaway Gap okay so the market rallies comes back down and finds some support at the lower quadrant of the new week opening Gap and then rallies higher into my target then it went into a rather sloppy consolidation which is exactly what I gave guidance for and anticipate that and I wasn't interested in doing anything with that so I wasn't interested at that point whether it closed the Gap entirely or reverse and went lower I just was done I found my setup and I'll show you what that was here's a 15-second chart we're zoomed in there's that same little area right in here here and if you look at what we got now here's the execution you can see where I placed my stop loss speed this up a little bit so I'm buying three contracts as it goes into and retraces into the consequent encouragement I have a little bit of heat here now as soon as we get there I'm setting the stop loss see there you go so my target is drawn to new opening Gap consequent encroachment and you can see how that delivered and I I'm going to take you up to the first partial then again I'm trying to encourage you to go back to the telegram Channel or go to the telegram Channel which is not monetized I don't make any money from that telegram Channel but the idea is for you to listen to me how I'm moving the stop- loss when I'm moving the stop loss and to where okay but I just want to show you the uh the first partial here I wanted to show you the initial stop loss why I was waiting to set the stop loss it was based on this Candlestick after my entry candle to trade back into the consequent encouragement once it did that I felt confident that it would not come back down here because this would be a breakaway Gap and once it leaves the invers fair value Gap it should not come back down into it above this High here anything above that would be a wonderful candidate for a partial and you'll see me do that the volatility of the market today was really really high so that's the reason why my my Leverage is a lot lower because my stop loss is around 20 handles that's just a little bit higher than I normally have it and there's the first partial so zoomed in on a 15-second chart I want you to see how hovering over top of the entry candle you can see that little area right there that's where the actual entry was so I was real close to that midpoint watching it manually entering that had a little bit of heat not by much and then it rallied back up the next Candlestick right in here Marshall was here and then this one here and see the exit there and finally limiting out on the balance there so entry first partial second partial final Target right there on the new week opening G consequent encouragement real easy easy easy bread and butter setup okay the trick is waiting for that that trap of Traders looking for lower prices and all over 140 handles or 562 ticks and if you go back and listen to the telephone Channel I will be prompting you to look at this Fair Val Gap here and I said once we're in here I want to see it trade lower I favored it going lower and it did and then that was your first failure okay so that was the indication there I said okay then that was when I prompted everyone right when we were down here I said you want to screenshot that and that's what a 20 handle scalp looks like okay using very easy very Val Gap get 20 handles move to the sideline I'll tell you what this is in a moment why it turned there but I wanted to see something that would be bearish be over taken to the upside and that that's how we know that the the bait has been taken and they trap Traders so that all the manipulation has been done with this drop down but it's very very hard to read on days like this so I have to force myself to wait for these types of scenarios where I offer a PD I'm I'm committed to watching it and even in initially how it starts off go back and listen to the telegram Channel you'll hear me say screenshot that that's what 20 handles look like so that's against what my primary focus was in the morning which was the consequent encouragement of the new week opening Gap that is what I was interested in that was my initial ENT interest in that means I'm bullish because we have an extremely low opening range Gap and new week opening Gap and everybody's going to want a dog pile in go short so that's what all this is this is all you know lowering traders to go short so that way they can rip their face off and then use my PD here to get long partial partial and an objective at new week opening Gap conqu encouragement here's the minor cell side liquidity pool I was highlighting in the channel there was a small one here here but right in here this is a bullish Fair bag Gap that's what was dropping down and once it goes be here that fair V Gap I told you to watch real time it dropped down in that and that's why I said screenshot that because now I'm talking about it we can hear it and then the market rallied higher if it would have kept going lower you'll listen to a sound clip where I had uh 20, 980 as a cide liquidity pool if I was not going to get a rip higher I was not going to go short was an interesting going short my interest was up here and then seeing that PD array here fail aggressively first perent Fair back Gap you can see it trading above here and it creates that little Gap inside of this old Cy sell Center Bound by efficiency I'm going to trade it as an inversion fair value Gap that means it's reversing its roll from where it was bearish here initially now I'm using it to Anchor a bullish idea for my entry going long targeting my consequent encroachment of the new week opening Gap very very simple but not easily executed on in a day like this I mean the volatility like I said is extremely extremely high I usually like 10 contracts 15 contracts but when the volatil is this High you you have you have to scale it back folks I understand once these Grand Slam home runs but you can really get hurt fast when the volatility is like this and it's a little a little bit more difficult than the average run-of-the bill rating de and it's because of the tariffs and all the trade Wars that's about to take place and which has actually officially began so I will look at Forex tomorrow that'll be part of our morning repertoire now and I'll give you very simple little scalping ideas for the draws on liquidity not trade ideas but the tape read and look for the next draw on liquidity you found this insightful until I talk to you tomorrow Lord willing be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - SMC Mastery January 30, 2025 NQ IMP24
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNsrXJiwdBM
================================================================================

[No English subtitles available]


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - SMC Algorithmic Market On Close Macro
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hc9SDgW93gc
================================================================================

all right folks welcome back this is smart money concept algorithmic Market on close macro it's a mouthful I know uh so I'm about to demonstrate something that your other mentors out there are not going to be able to duplicate they might talk about about the last hour trading and macros existing but they're not going to be able to show you what this is all right so I'm establishing a short inside of a inversion fair value Gap and that's this separation here including the volume of balance both sides of the range and I'll change this color here to my standard orange Hue and I'm going to add more to it here as we're inside the upper end of it and now I'm going to place my stop loss there notice I do not move that stop higher and I'm going to Target that little shortterm low there with a fair value Gap volume and balance included that's uh I'll shade that blue because a discount array okay and I'm going to add some more here as we're at the consequent encroachment of that inversion fair value Gap and add more there so now we have an even 10 Lots I want you to see the full range here so we have a swing low that form prior to 310 p.m. so there's cell side resting below that and below that swing low we have that blue shaded bid bound cell sign efficiency this is the daily high on regular trading hours set meaning that it's not going to make a higher high ask your other mentors if they can do what I'm about to show you here okay I'm going to going give you a master class in stoploss management and stop-loss placement all right so going to put our first limit order in there uh that might change I might increase that for now that's going to be uh significant enough so out of the 10 contracts I have on at the present time so what I know you guys that want to send comments to me you can uh make that automatic elongate that inversion fair value got make sure you guys know what I'm looking at here bearish fair value got Okay so notice the stop loss and notice also I'm adding right inside the high of that inversion fa got bring this down so I can keep this I want to try to keep the bottom of the range showing as much as I can let me scrunch this up a little bit right down here that that should be good yeah all right so notice I'm shorting inside of that former bullish buy sign and bound sell sign efficiency fair value got and Market looks like it wants to Rally higher and I'm watching other live streamers and they're all chattering about how they want to go higher but all inside this price action in here that's already delivered and my stop loss is absolutely 100% % safe now they can throw a manipulation in there and wipe me out but that's not going to follow the script so the script is the daily high is already set so any type of Wick bodies shall not pass okay so I want you to pay attention to this okay uh this is just a demonstration I know it's going to make you mad because I'm not going to teach this to you but this is just separating the men from the boys and then me so notice that there's little Wicks that are forming above the inversion fair value Gap that is permissible but it will not trade to where my stop loss is I'm not fearful that it's going to hit it I'm not worried about it making a higher high and live streamers and your friendly neighborhood prop firms are all looking for Longs right now I don't say that to be mean-spirited I don't mean to be trolling but I want you to know go back and watch their live streams and you'll see that they're absolutely bullish right now so I'm watching price I'm watching how the bodies are behaving in here all the bodies should be respecting that inversion fair value got and I just noticed that that's wonky it's I noticed the other day my my annotations on my trend line segments on trading view I would toggle to bottom and it would show on the top and vice versa so I'm not sure if that was a glitch or whatnot but so far I like what we're seeing here that's a nice signature and price delivery where it's showing the bodies respecting that shaded area so this is one of my uh reversal patterns and it's based on an algorithmic script that price runs on and I know some of you that are watching this video that are not in my telegram Channel or not in my private mentorship and watch me do this day by day by day for years um it's going to seem a little too good to be true but there's about 44,000 of you that have watched me today and yesterday that should have been about 36,000 I think of you in the telegram channel so I'm I'm envisioning how the Market's going to drop down into that first minor cide liquidity pool and I'm going to observe how it does it does it you know start to go down does it need to come back and trade back into the inversion fair value Gap does it need to throw a couple more wicks in above it that's what my concern is right here right now it is not I'm going to get stopped out right now your heart palpitations would be increasing I'm not thinking that I'm watching all this here and I want to see it reject and go lower see that one body outside of it right here watch how close it gets to the stop but it does not get to it bull flag Traders they're they're getting real excited right now they like that you see that you see how I got real close to that stop loss nothing has changed you shall not pass now when the boys talk about macros because they heard me talk about them they're not going to be able to understand how this is done and I've never promised I was going to teach that to you but this is What Separates Me from everybody else and for for the folks that say there is no algorithm just watch this one so so far we've seen that candle create the turn and it's trading down into to a ox bound cell efficiency but it might need to come back up in air and touch the low of that whe just realize that that says negative Fair Val capap it should be I'm going to practice a little bit of leniency on myself I'm not going to change it I'll just leave it at negative fair value Gap but it's an inversion fair value Gap because it started as a buy side Bound sell side efficiency initially and it should keep price at Bay now you might be looking at those bodies that are outside of that and might he's scaring you and it probably would scare you if you were in this trade if we were looking at this on a two-minute chart or a three-minute chart in this area here watch the Bodies Okay typical factious comments in here Told You So and now the worst case scenario you can come back up and trade to the rejection block which is the highest up closed candle prior to this rotation lower so in my mind the stop loss is absolutely still placed correctly because the algorithmic script is going to indicate that it cannot and should not go any higher than that meaning that what you saw the highest delivery in that little Wick that's as far as it's going to go even this return in here does not worry me doesn't bother me I want to start getting my limit orders in I think I'm going to change that by limit with three contracts I'm G probably change that to something a little bit more than that and take something a little bit shorter term as a Target just to illustrate how you might do a market on close macro trade so if you were in my telegram you watched me get real close to the low of the day during my commentary real time this morning based on the daily inversion fair value got that we were starting our week off with and if you don't know what that is obviously if you check the telegram Channel out it's completely free folks I'm not charging you for it you'll see what I'm talking about so change that there take three inside that fair value Gap and I'll I'll anate in a minute and then I'll want five contracts under that minor cell side liquidity pole so I'll highlight what I'm limiting out on this is a very very easy low hanging fruit objective so in the worst case scen say that Michael's wrong and they want to run out that high and go outside of script and they certainly can do that but I don't believe they're going to do that because they have stretched this out all day to the upside so now they're going to worry about uh pricking people to go long because they think it's going to break out about those relative equal highs and it's not going to do that folks some of you saying but if you would have got it wrong you wouldn't have shown this well tell me how I'm doing what I'm doing live in front of 40,000 people Candle by candle and it's turning on a dime and going right where I want to to go that's probably luck right all right so I'm looking at this little shaded area or not shaded area here I'm putting these shade of orange trend lines in here and instead of putting another rectangle I'm trying to get the chart clean so I'm watching how the bodies are being delivered and we're trading right back into the butt end of that inversion fa B got this shaded in Orange let me extend this over a little bit all right and just to prove to you that I'm am not worried about this see it's trading a consequent encouragment right there that's a midpoint of that the inversion fairb at didn't me it up you can see it now I'm going to add one more contract for the short and not worry about having any concern for that high being blown out and taking my stop loss watch how price is this Meandering around inside of that inversion fair value Gap it's kissing the midpoint of it that's consequent encouragment and I'm watching to see does it want to rip through that and touch the high of the inversion Fair Val Gap I'll I'll sell the contract there making it 16 contract short or okay of that right there that's indicating that it is it's telling me once to go lower that's what that is right there but I'm I'm waiting for an opportunity to touch that inversion fair value got once more just how did that rotation right at the midpoint now there's a small little volume imbalance towards the high that inversion fair value got it might want to Wick into that one more time traders that use rudimentary ideas like uh bull flags and bare Flags they're seeing a bull flag here and three live streamers that you would probably know well a uh they're looking for a break higher based on that premise I do not see that now they might deliver price back up into that inversion fair value Gap and bait them into taking that bu and hoping it's going to break out to a higher high but I think they're going to do a rug pull and down in that blue shaded area and maybe even lower but I'm going to use the the low hanging fruit objective of getting out at the high of that blue shaded area down there all right so we're back in consequent encroachment of the inversion fair value Gap and we're just in Striking Distance of that volume of balance near the high okay no watch watch closely that stop loss will not get hit that right there is tricking Traders into thinking that it's a bull flag and that validated their their purchase I come on training you you're lagging okay well I just typed it and it's not reflecting on there so they're glitching out here back your game up trading view all right well where just watch and see how the bodies lay inside that inversion Fair bag G still all they did was validated bull flag breakout retail wants to be long they gave them the bait okay well now time for the market to show you what it really wants to do and again I'm not concerned about that stop loss there okay there just updated you guys got to get that stuff fixed over there all right so I'm want to see it rotate down below those two orange trend lines I want to see it trade down below it and then once it does that I want to see it stay below the half of it and I'll show you what that means and looks like once it starts to move below One More Kiss to the high of the inversion fair you got it's like a a sweetheart taking the train she's giving you a kiss goodbye she's going down on the southbound train okay okay Michael still looks good don't it none of you mentors out there that's trying to teach algorithmic stuff you can't see this because it's not in your indicators it's not in the things you think you understood about price it's all coded watch this all the work is done now let me extend this out of the way here Old Flag Traders are looking for a rip higher breakout Traders Longs right now what is that Lime Street let me fix that here come on get out of here here there we go what the heck come on there you go all righty so we're watching uh last few minutes before the market on close macro which is the algorithmic script it's not buying and selling pressure it has nothing to do with those numbers you hear a certain website or a certain YouTube channel tell you it's this many buy side and this many sell absolutely has nothing to do I'm going to prove it to you because all you have to do is go watch and if you think about who I'm talking about you go back and watch and listen to their live stream because they keep their recordings up you'll hear that it sounds cool it sounds technical wow we have some data here none of that matters to me because I already know what this is going to do just keep your eye on that blue rectangle down there because that's where it's going to draw to I know some of you probably don't like these kind of videos just filter that that part out okay but I'm just trying to to prove to you that there's a difference between people that think they know what they're talking about because they want to sell courses and gra one more there and then uh just want to catch it before it leaves that inversion fair value got so now we should start to see real nice heaviness in here want to see it trade down sharply into that first limit order three contract but uh you talking about something in hindsight or talking about theoretically and then being able to display it like this and like you're watching me do live in front of everybody in the telegram Channel I don't edit anything and I never delete anything so if I misspell something in the telegram channel it's going to stay there now see how heavy that looks now I want to see it touch the lower orange level right here elongate there and then drop hard right into that first blue shaded Fair B you got because that's an inefficiency and the algorithm already knows it's there it's keying off of that information and here's the midpoint so everything needs to stay below that but right now if it's following script it should just Dive Right into that right now right down in there just keep your eye on that and B there you go it's just like magic isn't it magic mic that's going to start calling me around here now right so now what it can do is it can rotate back up to the lower but before dropping down to that low I'd like to see it uh return back up into that lower shaded orange line there's a volume imbalance between the Candlestick that just closed and the one that broke below the lower orange line so that's where my eye is and it's the lower orange level line it will act like an inversion Fair B you got okay and D Dro down into that blue shaded area so think of those two Orange Lines as another orange rectangle but just to keep the chart clean and you know allowing me to to show you details without cluttering all the chart up I'm showing you the logic of what the what the perspective is I have and let me add one more I'm going to take the contracts off below that minor cide liquidity pole I have a sneaky suspicion that they're probably going to pull some Shenanigans here in the last few minutes already we've already seen enough to know that uh there's something else going on except for buying and selling pressure all right okay we might be uh we we're going to go up into that volume of balance worst case scenario it tags the midpoint of the two orange lines that I drew it's the drag this out here a little bit more get it set off four o'clock and on there you go so any retracement in here will F fulfill the sell sign balance buy sign efficiency and the volume imbalance two candles back and it worst case scenario it can trade back up to the midpoint that's highight at 21,41 11.75 in a perfect world it could hit where we're at right now use that as inversion and and just tank it but I I think that they're going to want to try to send it up a little bit higher but I'm certainly not worried about my stop loss because it's now covering costs I'm not worried about that I've taken a first partial worst case scenario if it rips up there and I'm wrong you'll see it but based yeah based on what it's doing here it looks like it's trying to create a shortterm swing low so I would expect it to try to drive back up into that Cy and maybe tap that volume in Balance I certainly don't think it needs to go any higher than 21,41 11.75 so if it even gets close to that and fails and starts to rotate lower that's a signature I'd like to see going try not to add any more annotations because it's already a lot busier than I like to have the chart look I'll just add that one there pain here all right so I'm including the volume and balance at the high of it now because of the time it's spent in this area I don't think it needs to go back to the consequent encroachment at 21,4 11.75 so the volume imbalance and maybe a wick touch into the lower orange line there's your volume of balance traded too and there is the me let me take this line extend it out a little bit more so that's a perfect little kiss there I like that so now I want to see price respect the lower half and consequent encroachment of that pink Cy okay it should not go any higher than it has right now if everything is running to script the macro script that is going to deliver price down in that blue shaded area because there's no buying and selling pressure causing this folks I I know it sounds cool it sounds like you're a traitor when you use that lingo but that's not what's going on said that little Wick there it was an immediate rebalance but I think it's going to give up the ghost the next candle or so should really dictate the The Narrative here I don't want to see it trade outside of the high of that pink shaded box and the volume and balance so there's two PD arrays defending this on the upside now it's the high of the volume and balance and it's the high of that Cy that's shaded pink so I like this but there's a little volume of balance that this traded into so it's normal for it to trade back up into the halfway point of that pink Cy rest if it just just dropped right here that'd be wonderful I don't I don't think that it needs to go back up to touch the orange lower line that it just treaded to you're wrong it just a little bit here it changes so in my mind I'm going to look at that as an inversion fair value Gap now again inversion fair value gaps all of my PD rates can can be overlapped knowing the narrative where price is likely to go see I I I think it's just going to trade back up into that and then drop lower and what I mean by trading back up into it is that Cy sell sign of balance byy efficiency that's in pink now because we're in that old bullish fair value got that I just changed the color it can pump it up into that pink Cy but I don't believe we're going to go back up into these off out here okay we're close to the high so it might tap I'm going to draw out the market on close macro box here but I want you to to really pay attention to what price is doing it just touched the high of that Cy and the volume in Balance this down here okay at 3:45 to 4:00 that's our macro Market on close macro okay and what that is is it's a script where price will start ripping for liquidity I've already given you where it's going to go so we went right to the high of that Cy and closed again one more time the volume imbalance so now I want to see price really make an attempt or convince me let's put it that way that it wants to drive down to that minor sells side liquidity pool so we've had price trade to the high of that Cy two PD arrays defending it so technically three it's the lower Orange Line the volume and Bounds and the Ciy high-end range so now it should with no problem at all start ripping through that lower Orange Box like that and in the perfect world it should not come back on the next candle to even come back and touch it and just rip through it and trade down to that minor cide liquidity pole and give me my first partial want to see speed and magnitude that means the candles should start elongating becoming large black stretched out candles we want to see black limousines taking it downtown you like that I don't know where this stuff comes from I don't have any idea where it comes from sounds cool though doesn't it this guy loves himself too much all right so uh 3:45 let me put that where it needs to be at there you go and you'll notice that that starts the rip at the top of that cell balance B efficiency now I know I know some of you that are watching this for the first time you're you're thinking this is all Cherry Picked but am i cherry picking it in front of 40,000 people now live in telegram oh it's delicious isn't it okay we got some limousines coming downtown now let's go come on give me some stretch limousines all right oh you see that it just tapped it okay we're going to see a another one open in this oh there it is it gave me it so now I want to see the next candle or series of candles really just dive down here no return back up into that lower uh inversion fair value got the Shaded orange so the next candle when it opens it should just dive down I'm going to roll my stop down here so it's definitely not likely to go up that level okay four seconds the next Candlestick open and it should just dive down into that and dump it here she comes look at that blue shaded area as the best nightclub and all these black limousines are showing up at the front door inside one of them your Truly Come on there there you go drop it there you go so anyway this was just a display of who knows what and again these are some of the things that I'm never going to teach you you can clearly see why because it's extremely advantageous and here is what you can see right at the beginning of that macro at 345 delivered perfect just like a multiplication table hope you found the insightful hope it encouraged you and don't be mad at me in the comments I'm just showing you who's who until talk to you next time be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - SMC New York NWOG With Forex 01/27/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_44mMI7YqU
================================================================================

e welcome back folks all right so we are looking at the New York new week opening Gap with Forex all right so this is a f minute chart as you can see up here upper leth hand corner it's a British pound versus US dollar five minute chart okay so I want you to take a look at this and notice right over here you see this that is the Friday close Sunday opening 5:00 p.m. eastern time so that is your new week opening Gap and we've had a rally rally another rally and a shift and Mark structure right there and I talked about this in the telegram Channel and if you have not joined my private telegram Channel it is the 2025 lecture series I don't do mentorship anymore I shut down down my paid private mentorship group and invited them to this group so there's nothing out there that you're going to get your little hot little hands on and think that you're part of an exclusive uh Community anymore because that's that's gone and I will be uploading every single commentary I've ever made in the past okay so keep a lookout for that because I'll post a playlist when I have them up and you'll be able to watch them at your leisure so in the meantime what we're doing here this year is just cutting right to the Brass tax and getting right to it with a model and I'm pulling out all the pieces of the things I taught in 2024 on this YouTube channel so if you liked all that content I'm actually showing real time calling out every Candlestick that's Salient for a setup and you can go back and look at this morning I called the NASDAQ pretty much lock step to what you see it did today and then the same thing with the British pound versus US dollar now I'm not going to go over the NASDAQ because it's pretty self-explanatory I have the most commentary in the telegram Channel this morning about that so you can listen to the sound clips and they're all timestamped the idea is is for you to see that it works still in Forex I know a lot of you if if not the majority of you are Forex Traders so here's the new week opening Gap and we're trading inside of the New York session so here 7 o00 10:00 in this area here and we're seeing this up close candle that's a buy s balance sell sign of efficiency I mentioned that that was likely going to perform as an inversion fair value got Market trades up into it the bodies stay in close proximity to the midpoint of that then we rotate go lower and I mentioned that if we give up the ghost below this low here after showing and proving that this is an inversion fair I got then it would likely trade down into the blue shaded area and more specifically if you look at this candlesticks low from Friday to the high candle inside of the Gap okay this is a new week opening Gap I taught this on the YouTube channel last year ago and watch the individual videos about it the remaining portion from the open all up to this High buy side delivery not liquidity buy side delivery it means the Market's trading higher keeps posting higher higher higher prices it stops right here it would need the difference between this High to that low closed in we have it here on this one single candle up so it's lacking delivery on the downside and that's what it does here okay but prior to it it gives you a nice little silver bullet shorten here stops dead in its tracks and consequent encroachment of this cby and we'll look at that in a moment so you can see we have a one minute chart indicated with this number one here and it's the British pound US dollar for fxcm okay so I use this data feed today and again the only difference that you're going to notice is the new week opening Gap between Friday's closing price and Sunday January 26 202's opening price forks.com is a little wonky and the other Brokers seem to be fair about it this is the 5 minute inversion fair value Gap but it's being shown over a one minute chart the market trades up into midpoint of it here after leaving it notice it trades lower here then rallies back up into it here and you'll see that I actually went short there and then waited for it to Rally up my stop loss was right above see these two candlesticks sharing the same space right there the close and the low so at one point this Candlestick went down to that low and then closed there and then opened and traded back over top of it so this small little area here is a balanced price range I felt very confident that this little area here would not be traded back into so my stop loss is Right Above This candlestick's opening price the price breaks lower comes back up creates a little Mohawk I call it where it just trades and colors outside the lines of the inversion fair value Gap but notice what the bodies are doing listen to the commentary the little sound bites I posted this morning when I was referring to pound dollar I said that you know I want to see it stay in the lower half and the bodies should stay in the lower half or at the consequent encroachment which is the mid point here this this dotted line here then Market breaks lower comes back up it goes right to this price level here we were looking for I noted in audio clip I said I want to see this point broken after this inversion fairy value Gap has proven itself so it had to be traded to several times and I went short here and here and I waited for this one here I didn't want to add any more to it and then it rotated lower broke through here came back up into a small little fair value got right there in that pink box trades right up into consequent encroachment look at the bodies respecting half of that and breaks aggressively creates a silver bullet this is your 10:00 Silver Bullet breaks lower comes back up hits consequent encroachment there and then sells off into the two little blue lines I very specifically outlined this morning in the telegram Channel here's execution selling Short Selling Short Selling short taking a partial as it approaches the new week opening Gap and then as it went into between these two blue lines I indicated I just covered there I did have a limit ordered a little bit lower for this line here plus the spread but it just took too much time and energy to be babysitting it and like I said I'm not trading with Forex with real money I told you I would do executions because there's a lot of you that want to learn and you watch me outline this stuff live today zoomed in here here's a one minute chart price trades up into the five minute inversion fair value Gap breaks lower spends a nice run into that low stops dead in its tracks rotates back up higher I sell short once more add one more trade right back to consequent encouragement here notice the bodies okay go back and listen to every single clip they're very short it doesn't take you much time to go through it but I told you that the lower half of this five minute inversion fair value Gap the bodies need to stay below that that's how you're going to be able to qualify that this is a proper inversion fair value Gap that should send price lower it's okay for these Wicks the trade above it that's where the damage can be done but the bodies are showing you the signatures that the algorithm is absolutely indicating that this is just running stops they're getting real real dirty with it running each previous High not allowing anyone that Trails their stop loss too tight and aggressively you got to abandon this idea about quickly moving your stop to break even or locking in something you're going to have to assume some measure of risk otherwise there's a lot of Trades and it's going to be the better trades you're not going to be be a participant in and the market breaks lower after spending some time in this higher Cy here in the lower half of that inversion Fair Bay Gap spends its time here breaks aggressively lower comes back up fails to touch the low of that and then goes lower that is another indicator it's a signature telling you that it's now weak it can't even get up to the inversion fair value got trades back down to that same low bounced one more time failed to take out that high rolled over aggressively pierced through it in a small little Fair Bay Gap trade right up into it look at the bodies see that ain't that nice that is algorithmic it's half of the Gap stopping right there even on this Candlestick here don't take my word for it run your fit between this candlestick's low and this candlestick's high and you'll be greeted with Precision that you've never ever seen before that's not true I mean you keep you keep seeing it all the time on my YouTube channel but it breaks lower takes out the swing low and it creates the very obvious easy Silver Bullet now you may not have noticed this one this is a little bit higher order uh you know silver bowet trade but this one here is the obvious easy one that you simply wait for and just jumps off the chart at you that's here and we're picking up the difference in price drops lower you can see as we're trading into that new week opening Gap in blue I'm taking the remaining positions off as it trades inside there so you can see obviously all this stuff works in Forex I'm going to do a lot more examples of Forex throughout the year but I just have to have my focus on NQ for the remainder of this week because I want to take trades okay so I'm not trading Forex with real money I am trading the index Futures with real money so I'm not making money by showing you paper trades in an asset class I no longer trade I need to be trading in the markets to actually pay me okay so I hope you can respect that and I appreciate all the comments that's been posted on the YouTube channel in response to the accuracy and precision and the straightforwardness that I've provided to you this morning on the telegram Channel if you have not joined the telegram channel it's absolutely free everything's real time called before the fact and the link is inside the video description and it's also on my community tab on this YouTube channel absolutely Ely free you got to download telegram though it's going to ask you to verify your phone number so that way you can run it through your app and your phone number verifies who you are no one else can see your username no one else can see that you're a member of it okay you're one of the numbers in there right now it's 37,325 or plus people in there right now I expected to be a whole lot more by now but I guess now because it's in a video and the link will be in the description of the video here again we'll probably start picking up you know more viewers and more members to it but it's absolutely free no hook no future upsell I promise there's nothing there for you to have to worry about paying for and no one knows you're there okay I don't even bother looking at the list of who's in there but that's going to be it for today and I hope that I will see you tomorrow Lord willing and until then be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: January 22, 2025 - Live Execution \ Forex GbpUsd London Macro
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5lz5594dpE
================================================================================

back folks this is Michael we're going to take a look at some Forex price action here and gbpusd London session so there's a cell side equility grade and displacement to the upside shift and Market structure and my eye is initially set right there on that premium cby and short-term High where it's buy side and you may notice that there is an accumulation underway here after that shift and Market structure to the upside and we're presently inside of the 250 am 310 am macro and yes it works on Forex so I'm going to be buying here inside of a reclaimed bissy fair value Gap I'll annotate that in a moment just give me a second here right here okay so Market has broke below that and now while Market structure and the underlying narrative for higher gbpusd for London is under way then we can look back at Old bullish fair value gaps I'm going to copy this here and drag this up to the by side that initially looking at here as a draw it could go higher just above the 130 a.m high but for now just for the sake of illustration and here's the Cy here so that's a premium array relative to where we are at now and these are very very low hanging fruit objectives so while it could trade above the 130 High um not requiring it so we're trading back down inside of that 230 fullish Fair V got I just bought more right now I'll move my take profit up into that Cy now the nearer term by side liquidity pool that formed around 2:30 a.m. that is a minor B quility pool and I'm going to also highlight here a inversion fair value G which we may accumulate I want to see it stay above the consequent correction or midpoint of that and notice my uh my stop loss is in the lower half of that inversion Fair B Gap in Orange you see that midpoint right here and my stop is just in the lower half of that right there so I want to see some movement to the upside so the algorithm is going to be firing off a continuous delivery of higher prices regardless of what the buying and selling pressure is okay you see that little 130 high up there just below the buy button just flash that uh that might be a 4:00 event so I showed you the executions here it's not Mark replay this is the sake of disclosure this is a demo or paper trade I don't have any funds in a Forex broker account but I I wanted to show you I get a lot of requests for Shelton Forex Shelton Forex does it work in Forex it doesn't work in Forex anymore ICT the problem is is the ranges are very very small right now in Forex I think as we go further into the year uh they the new presidency and the uh policies that he's trying to implement is going to facilitate a lot more movement in the foreign exchange over global trade so it's got to be a little bit more patient than some of you have exhibited all right so I want to see it move away from that bullish Fair Val Gap it's a reclaimed fair value Gap it's right now accumulating around the consequent encouragement or that little dotted line inside the blue rectangle I expect it to start moving higher and a wonderful signature to confirm that would be large bullish green candles that's my initial run so a low hanging fruit objective for partials is that bed pool that's annotated right there potential immediate rebounds if it touches the uh one minute candle two candles back reduce some of the risk here shouldn't trade down to that now that's immediate let me buy one more it for you here this is my immediate rebalance this is codified to provide continuous price run entry points you don't need uh any highlevel complications when a candle comes back and trades to a previous High when my side is being delivered it's easy to buy that you see the Precision there just in Striking Distance with that uh partial I just uh filled it while I was up sorry you can see it nonetheless now the low of that Cy that's in blue that were just beneath I'm going to try to take a partial as it hits that or gets real close to it simply because the range of varation small and I'm not going to be babysitting the entire London session excuse me okay another partial taken off the fining final balance I'll leave to limit out now at 350 410 macro if we're Above This Civ here uh it could probably run for that 130 fly for buy side maybe stretch it out a little bit further I'm not going to be a Sit that because it might have to retrace back into the inversion fair value Gap and the reclaimed fair value Gap to do that so it's too much of retracement for me to have any interest in it but that would still be a London session uh trade idea you would want to see the bodies respecting these specific areas I've shaded specifically the one at the 130 Cy that's highlighted here we're just beneath the Target and there it is it's filled so there you are friends and family in the Forex Community uh my algorithm still works there just the range are presently smaller hope you enjoyed it take care be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: January 21, 2025 - Live Execution \ NQ PreMarket Turtle Soup Short
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3E1WQcx2-c
================================================================================

good morning folks this is Michael so I'm going to be looking at shorting the NASDAQ now we're looking at a two-minute chart here simply because that's where the inefficiencies are obvious for me I'm going to set a limit to sell short inside of a sell side of balance buyid and efficiency I'll note that in a moment it's also aiming for the hellside liquidity pool resting relative equal lows right here and so there's my Target and my stop loss the stop loss is above the first candle in the CI which I'll note for you here and including the volume and balance you'll notice that at the lower end of it and now that we're back inide of it the limit order to be short one contract has been filled if it can go to consequent encroachment of that Cy I'll be interested in selling more um annotating the buy stop liquidity raid so that liquidity has been purged so the market should explore lower looking back into yesterday's regular trading hours okay I'm adding there just around the consequent encroachment got to fix this this isn't where I wanted it I one on the top left and we'll make it a little bit bigger so that way can see it okay so essentially it's a turtle soup and it's a deferred all right so presently short two risk is defined at the high of the Ciy and again aiming for the cells side liquidity down here this is kind of like a a classic setup where we've already ran out liquidity prior to the opening bell at 9:30 eastern time so we have a shift in Market structure and I'm adding more here if I can get four contracts on I I'll certainly try to do it but the opportunity to get a break below the low formed at around 21 , 698 uh that should start to accelerate things as long as you stay in the lower half of that Cy that's noted here once we break that low magnify this a little bit see the bodies of the Wix better okay so you can see that that low I'm having the limit order to cover the short at again was referenced on the relative equal lows so don't lose sight of that I'd like to see it break below that swing low that's just recently formed and then it can work back up and touch the bottom end of that civvy again and I'll annotate the inversion fair value Gap now that I think it's uh inv validated one more look here at the uh time here notice the Run higher did to take out the buy side started at 7:00 a.m. it's classic pre-market session activity now in a perfect world it could just start going lower but because we're just ahead of the 9:30 opening bell it might want to whipsaw a little bit in here I I don't feel that the stop loss is in Jeopardy but it could be hit if it does get hit I'll to re short okay so one of the things that um let me move this underneath that low one of the things that I like to see is the unwillingness per price to get back to the premium side of an array like for instance the sell side and Bounds bu side and efficiency that little red box I've highlighted here we've already worked in the upper half of that so I want to see it stay in the lower half if it does go back and trade to it if it does again trade inside of that I'm not really unnerved by that it's completely permissible because of the opening range beginning in a couple seconds usually there a little bit of a flirt of action right like that you see how quickly it just sharply rejected that these are all signatures I like to see when prices giv me indication that it's I'm likely on side now all of this might make you nervous if you're watching it you're you're looking at that stop loss thinking it's going to run up here and jump and hit that and maybe it can maybe it might do it but I'm not thinking that I want to see it break down and make a lower load Than That Swing Low one candle will go there we go now any retracement back up into the low of that Cy if it does so I'll add one more contract my stop loss I'm not interested in moving yet now I'm looking at about the middle of it okay so approximately where my average entry price is for the existing short position if it can trade back into that same price level um I will try to time that with a market order to sell one more and don't think that it's going to give me a chance so I'm going to just add it there now so I'm still technically inside the the Cy and also the uh inversion fair value Gap right before the B C is taken I'll I'll anate that in a moment I'm trying to pay attention to what this is actually doing that's nice i' like to see it get real heavy in here and again you're probably wondering why am I looking a two-minute chart is there some kind of secret to that today no just the Cy I'm highlighting here can be drawn out over one two-minute candle versus the broken up one minute imbalance it's got multiple fair value gaps on the one minute chart in the same range that's highlighted here so that's the only Advantage I'm using the two-minute chart so I taught this in the 2024 video line up on the YouTube channel so you can go back and listen to that I made that very clear once you have a bias you know what you're looking for you know the draw liquidity all those things are foundational but the timing is based on either a 5 minute 4 minute 3 minute 2 minute or one minute chart whichever one has the cleanest inefficiency that you can work with to find that type of thing it can touch the lower end of that but if it trades up inside of that pink box I want it to see it stay in the lower half that's very very critical and it's also working in the uh the aspects of this inversion fair value if I get this thing to drop on the right candle there you go so far it's a little unorganized but the draw is still very much obvious the liquidity has been taken on the buy side traders that are buying on a breakout they're they're caught offside right now they don't realize it yet right now they're just hoping it's going to move in their favor half of that inversion fair value Gap the one that's orange I want to see price stay below that as well so it's a combination of two things I want to see it stay in the lower half of the pink box which is the Cy and I want to see it stay in the lower half of that orange box which is the inversion fair value Gap so my my thought process is I'm going to break lower and go below that low right here that's what I'm annotating so that Candlestick should be the definition of the high of that return back into both CBI and inversion fair value cut so if my readon price is accurate um it should be unwilling to trade in the upper half of both of those rectangles I've drawn highlighting inefficiencies that's about where I was filled on that fourth contract so I'm going to highlight the midpoint here you can see consequent encroachment pretty much nailed it so I would have added that fourth one when I just was touching the low of it so either way I would have got that fourth contract on I'm going to sit Pat with what I am right now I don't want to go anymore and I'm not going to do any partials so it's going to be a full pull to sell side liquidity if I can get it it starts to break down in here that'll be a good indication I want to see a lot of heaviness big long stretched out black candles so I want to see a lot of desire for Price the the probe lower and close in some of that opening range Gap that's not clearly defined here but I'll let you look at your charts in relationship to that idea I'm trying to keep The annotation as light as possible because I don't usually put this stuff on the chart when I'm trading but for the sake of you watching and following along with the logic where was my premise on Entry why was my entries where they were you're seeing that here so far this is exactly what I want to see I want to see a lot of heaviness here goes a little bit more I want to drop that stop reduce some of the risk I won't be so interested in chasing with the stop loss but I want to reduce it now here and that'll stay with the life of the the trade now not interested in moving anything else if it comes back and stops me out it covers commission costs it gives me enough for a pizza dinner and it'll be whatever it is but I'm more interested in following along with price action does it want to reach for that low and if it does it might punch through it a little bit further than my limit order is marked so if it does so uh it might not reflect the execution label so I want to take that in consideration here and kind of like scrunch the chart up a little bit vertically so that way if it does go below it it should allow me to share that with you oh I hate when they do that it should fil me there you go hope you enjoyed it take care and be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - SMC Trade Example 01/14/2025
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8FjX9IVxzM
================================================================================

folks this is an example of the model I'm employing this year here you can see the market has dropped down below the 930 fair value Gap and I'm executing on the basis of the lower half of that Cy at 930 candle and the first presented fair value gap which is not highlighted but I'll highlight it here now right and the market has broke lower into the new week opening Gap right now it's approximately the high of the new week opening Gap and I'm initially targeting the 830 low I'll be looking to take off a partial low the 10 a.m. low so I want to see price get real heavy in here faing a bu limit order below the 10 a.m. swing low stop now has been lowered to the high of new week opening Gap plus one tick all right so I want to see it remain heavy using that new week opening Gap low into consequent encouragement of that new week opening Gap that's a permissible range and then drops aggressively and my stop loss has been lowered below consequent apprach of the new week opening gap which is those two purple lines okay limit order filled so one partial is taken there and the stop now is lowered below the new week opening Gap low I'm setting a by limit order 30 low and the volatility of this day stopped me out here and I'm going to look to go in again and Resort it Market returning back into new week opening Gap it's consequent crint level over here this breaks lower below new week opening Gap low so now I'm going to place a sell limit order in here I can trade to the midpoint we're just below where I have my stop loss I think it's going to leave a portion of that Gap open note the bodies respecting the new week opening Gap low and I want to see it slowly but surely work its way down and make a lower low then we are in macro time now so price should start spoiling what direction lower okay so it's done that here now I'm going to look to take another partial once it makes a lower low I do think it's going to go lower I have a best case scenario trading down to uh 20, 640 level was order below 37 at 50 okay price could tap the new week opening Gap low again that would be permissible but I'd rather see it continuously drop that's institutional or for entry drill which is an entry into a partial fair value Gap and we should see expansion to the downside and hit that limit order she goes so what I'm doing is I'm I'm allowing the market to expand in the direction of an old daily low so if you look at your daily chart you'll see that uh that purple line all the way to the bottom of the chart where I have my limit orderer that's simply just the best case scenario it's not necessarily what I demand I'll be looking to take another partial and the stop has now been lowered one partial has been taken again so now I'm in a position where I don't care if it STS me out but if it continues that's all the better and I have to walk away from the charts at this time so I'm not aware of what it's doing and frankly I really don't care so I'll come back periodically and just peek and see what price is doing so I'm not really going to walk through anything in here because I wasn't watching at that time if I would have saw it I would have been looking at that as a potential inversion fair value Gap with that large cippi that's built and my stock would be in Jeopardy but again I wasn't watching it at the time so it came back so that I could potentially be stopped out using that inversion fair value Gap so I'm not going to risk any more than that so I'd love to stop there lot of manipulation today red forward day was uh pretty wild all to actually my stop just happens to be above relative equal highs with no recent stop hunt Okay so there's a stop loss I have an alert on my cell phone that takes me back to the Char parts and I'll come back and bring it till it close


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - SMC Trading Opening Range Gaps
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pM8oWrcIJqU
================================================================================

e all right folks welcome back all right so today is January 12th 20125 and I kind of want to review and also segue into the next portion of the trading model I'm employing this year for the previous lecture was dealing with opening range gaps and midnight opening range gaps and blending of those things to night I kind of want to show you what I did on nonfarm payroll Friday so when we look at actually seeing how we can participate in these price moves now I'm not advocating that you should be trading with real money okay so just know that I'm showing you things that I've done with my actual money and you are encouraged to back test it and paper trade it with a demo account I don't want you thinking that you're going to have a Flawless victory every time you get into the marketplace and in fact you're going to see that I did in fact take a trade using this information and I took a loss initially and then recouped it and I was actually trading with real money in the nonfarm P role so I'm going to show you again why some of the folks that watch my videos before we get into it let me give me a moment for housekeeping on YouTube I don't like to show the comments because frankly there's a lot of advertisement for things that are not supported by me like I don't I don't look at crypto I could care less about crypto and there's a lot of scams and frauds and and people advertising that they're someone else that they're really not and also you like anything else I have very disrespectful people that don't really watch the videos and they just want to have a stage to perform and I'm the only one that can see you and when I see your comment I remove it so you think I'm leaving it there but I'm really not not and no one else can see it but for the sake for sportsmanship let you know uh the last video I posted where we were discussing opening range gaps and such a follower okay I don't know if it's a student I don't know if it's someone that just you know watches as the you know troll or whatever and mark my words I'm not bothered by this but I want you to understand why because I get so many people that aren't really followers of the channel they'll leave a comment saying saying why aren't there comments there's you can leave a comment but it's for me to read if you want to use the comment section as a journal that way when you post your comments about what minute marker you found something interesting or you want to have your own little table of contents of my lectures that's ad that's advised you can do that because no one else is going to mess your comment up I'm not going to delete it I'm not going to remove it and you're the only one who can see it so have at it but one of the guys that were watching the last video mentioned that there was nothing useful in the video now these are the types of individuals that frustrate me as a me as a mentor because for years I've been begged and pleaded to please please please make it simple make it straightforward giving me simple rules to follow 1 2 3 XYZ this is the result you should expect and that's exactly what I'm doing now I'm not going to apologize for the difficulty and the technicalities that are going to be required for someone that has never really studied my content so it's reasonable for someone that's brand new to trading or brand new to my smart money Concepts anything quote unquote ICT if you see things in this lecture series that seem complicated I promise you it's only because you haven't done any of the previous mentorship videos which are free you can go watch them on my YouTube channel but I'm outlining how I'm going to be implementing this information with a real account for 2025 okay so I just want to remind you that when I was going through all the content and I'm just briefly going through the slides and explaining that all this stuff was included you know these are all very specific things okay number of handles okay how many points filters out whether or not the Gap should close in or how I would use that information so I went through the the effort of trying to show viewers what it is specifically that the algorithm is going to do and how to use the rule-based ideas that the algorithm itself follows now it's one thing to come to a comment section and say you're a liar you're a scammer you're defrauding people you're scamming people okay and ignore everything I've told you in a pre-recorded video before the very next day the most complicated most manipulated day of the month which is non-farm payroll okay so just to show you just to show you inquiring minds just to show you that are always doubting always having some fault with me okay separate the man from the concepts go back to the rules that I showed okay you're getting distracted by the performer and you're not paying attention into the logic there's a there's a complete show that goes on when I'm educating when I'm teaching and when I'm actually executing if you aren't able to watch the videos take notes and then go back and test it or look and see what it does the very next day like I did on Thursday night before midnight going into Friday nonfarm payroll I told you exactly where the non-farm payroll was going to go showing you all these slides explaining all the opening range Gap the theory the logic and then I said right at this slide at the 17 minute and 48 second Mark go back and watch that video in fact I even left a direct link in the comment section of that video so you can click on that it'll take you right to the segment of that video that I cannot edit people download my videos as soon as I put them up they have that video in their hot little hands just like you did and you watched it right when it was delivered before nonpr priced in at 8:30 the very next day eastern Time or you watched it in review after the fact maybe on Saturday or or maybe even today on Sunday you watched it but I took everybody's attention to this level right here when the price was up in this area here we had yet to make the midnight opening range for Friday we have yet at that time to make the open opening range regular trading hours for Friday we we haven't created either of those things and I pointed right to this level right here because that's exactly where my algorithm is going to take price period so that brings us to today here's what we had note the chart is over here regular trading hours at regular trading hours at 9:30 on Friday the market opened up right here and traded down how much of a range was that opening range got it was greater than 120 handles wasn't it so what does that mean it's not likely to fill in go back and watch the logic that there's nothing useful in the video I'm not dancing for people that leave comments okay just I'm just making sure you understand that I'm not going to give anybody a stage to troll or act stupid or be a comedian either you're going to come to the channel and learn or you're not going to come to the channel and learn and you're just going to waste your time leaving comments that I can see one time I laugh at you and then I delete it in fact I show these comments to my private mentorship students we have a fun and and laugh at all of you that think that this stuff doesn't work like I love it I absolutely love it but I'm not going to give you a state so you can get famous okay for being you know a blo heart about something that you don't even know so again annotation here see the previous lecture video and 17 minute 48 second minute Mark you'll hear me explain that that's exactly where the Market's going to go before non-farm payroll okay so knowing where the Market's going to draw to that's the most important critical thing because all of these gaps all these Concepts these smart money Concepts they're not going to help you unless you still can read where price is going to go now why did I pick that level why did I think it was going to go down there well it's obvious to you now if you've been a student of mine you can see it's a market maker sell model original consolidation rallies up accumulation reaccumulation smart money reversal lowrisk sell redistribution second stage distribution that's what we were at and then we gap down not going to fill the Gap because I gave you the logic that the algorithm is going to follow in the previous video and down she goes right below that 20983 75 level booah now this is our opening range gap for Friday's non far payroll we're going to have that information you can see it clear over here when I take the January 3D's opening range Gap off notice that I'm drawing the FIB down from that closing price to the open so you can see the FIB level upper quadrant is0 75 real important because that way without knowing that when I go through the commentary you're going to get tripped up because you haven't taken notes I'm not making mistakes in these videos I'm telling you the logic and I'm telling you these rules so that way you know what it is that I'm referring to incidentally when I talk about when I was on Twitter and I was doing Twitter spaces and whatnot and in 2022 when I first taught inversion fair value gaps and first presented fair value Gap uh that was in a lecture series just talking there was no charts about it and I was dropping bread coms in 2022 for people that were paying attention it was always put in the the deepest part of the 4H hour long you know Twitter space where nobody really has the longevity to stay with it unless they really want to learn well having these rule-based ideas and having these key levels I get question all the time can you show us your notepad because I don't like to have all this stuff on my chart and you'll see why in a moment you'll quickly see why in a moment I don't have all this stuff on my chart when I'm trading but I have a little yellow notepad Okay little small little notepad and every day I have all of these levels what levels the levels you're seeing right here the levels that were over here on the January third opening range Gap the opening price the midnight opening range okay the opening range of 9:30 to 10:00 all of the quadrants the consequent encroachment levels previous days high previous day low highest high and the lowest low the previous week the highest high and the lowest low last 3 days these are all things that I have written down now because I just told you this you can see now quickly that it would have been a dud if I just would have showed you the picture of the pad because it been like what's this but it's the secret it's the source code that's exactly what the price is going to do but in your hands having those numbers it's useless to you unless you know what I've already taught in my YouTube channel I've already taught you how to find the draw and liquidity I've already taught you how to do those things I've already taught you how to determine the bias so once you have that first critical thing under your belt then all these other things become useful to you like the rules I gave you when there's an opening range Gap how much is an opening range Gap that says nope I'm not going to look for a gap fill I taught you that I taught you that you think it was a like a coincidence that I taught you that the very next day I'm going to show you that I used it no it's not it's not a coincidence but let's go on we're going to take you into the one minute chart here you can see now this is the one minute chart of the NASDAQ March 2025 and this is showing the midnight opening range okay so midnight opening range it's not a gap it's just a range just like the opening range for 9:30 to 10:00 eastern time in the morning session or when regular trading hours start trading for indices I just reminded myself these things work in Forex okay but as I taught in told you at the beginning let me go through this portion of the content with indices because I'm going to be predominantly trading indices so I want to give all the rules and and get through all this stuff and then later on I'll put little bullet points on for the those that only trading Forex that way you can implement it and use it there but none of this stuff is different at all it's all the same thing everything I've taught thus far still applies to Forex okay so just hold your horses okay some of you are very very insistent that I talk about Forex every time I get on YouTube and that's simply not going to happen but when it's Salient or when it's applicable I'm going to tell you this is what it is and you're going to see me trading Forex this year okay you're going to see me doing it with a real account with forex.com so please let me go through the curriculum the way I want to go through the curriculum okay no one's going to make me go through it faster and you're not going to deviate and change the way I'm going to do it so just stop wasting your time leaving comments that I don't ever care to hear from you ever again because you're too demanding like my wife is the only one I give that authority to and she's nowhere near as the meaning as some of you folks are so um if you look at the opening range this is the lowest low in that range between 12 and 12:30 and here's the highest high of the range in 12 to 12:30 if you use the levels I gave you in terms of projection it's 0.5 and 0.1 or 0.1 by having that it gives us it's a rough idea what the algorithm is going to do and it's in close proximity to this extreme at negative-1 that the daily high will form now simple caveat here okay if there's ever a day like nonar payroll we already know that non-farm payroll is going to have an enormous amount of manipulation it's going to have a lot of extras in there because the market is GNA be pushed around and intervention is going to go through the roof so because of that these numbers won't be as precise on a fomc day or a nonpr payroll day so just know that and and like a CPI day too so those are kind of like heavy hitter days and you just got to be aware that it might not be as perfect as it would be on other days so with that caveat introduced we we're going to look at it now right so you can see how the market did in fact rally up just went beyond the negative one standard deviation of the midnight opening range then broke lower create a fair value Gap right there and notice how that delivered to consequent encroachment of that Gap and negative 0.5 level and then it drops off precipitously and trades down into predetermined ranges that I've already taught you how to use now and here is the later in the morning session you can see all of that uh that drop down I just showed you in the previous slide we went to here then we went up into the midnight open range or opening range and worked all the levels in between the high and the low it and shaded in the purple and then in here right before non-farm payroll at 8:30 eastern time Friday morning the market does in fact does its little stop run and anyone short and I was short initially with one contract and then or micro and then it stopped me out and then I went in again after getting stopped out because I understand what it's likely to do and that huge pool of liquidity I outlined on Thursday night ahead of narm payroll uh was absolutely going to be delivered and I was going to aim for that but I don't want to ride through the 8:30 all the way to 9:30 so I'm just going to take something that makes sense to make a a nice little chunk of change without risking a whole lot of money and it was with real money when I did it so make sure you understand that but it was a really really nice drop and you can see here now notice it this says micro okay micro means it's $2 per point I went short here trading in a fair value Gap and then it ran up above here taking my stop rallying a little bit higher and then I wanted to see it Go short from there after taking my stop I felt confident that okay I was premature it wasn't much money it was literally like 60 bucks or not even that really and then it breaks aggressively lower after entering three contracts of the micro and then I took my profit down here just in the same one minute interval so in one minute it was like $1,000 just like bang just like that using micros now I'm not telling you to do this with your real money I'm not telling you to do this with your funded accounts I'm not telling you to do this with your demo account I'm not telling you to do this at all I'm just showing you the things that many of you have asked for all the time show me show me show me you can't do this you're a liar you're a scammer you're a fraud you don't trade with real oh I forgot to show you that's a live account by the way I was a little off in my timing sorry but clearly you can see you we're dealing with a real account here so if you don't know what that means right down here it says amp live they don't give you that for a amp demo okay so at the time of this recording you can see that that little Dash right there says that the market has not opened up because it's Sunday if you look at the time down here okay I'm making the video before 6 o'cl now by the time you watch it it'll probably be after 6 o'cl but everything is being recorded here on Sunday all right so uh for the folks that say you can't make money with micro contracts there they're a liar uh they don't know what they're talking about and if you do want to scratch that itch and you want to trade nonfarm payroll and you don't want to listen to Sound Logic and there's a lot of you apparently in the comment section is living like that so if you want to do those types of things trade with one micro contract that way when you're wrong and you're going to be wrong more times than you ever thought you would be it won't hurt you that bad okay don't look at these types of moves and think man if I'm right and I could do 30 contracts of the Mini I can make so much money times that by 20 accounts linked up on a funded account and I could be the next Legend no you're not you're not you're going to hurt yourself you're going have to pay more reset fees and pay these Jokers that run these companies okay so that's what you're really going to do and I'm just here to remind you that's exactly what's going to happen to you so to save yourself a whole lot of drama and heartache and financial loss just trade with one micro and you if you're being sober minded you will see quickly that this is a carnival ride unless you have Insight that I'm never going to fully divulge to the public so that's why I tell you don't trade it but I know what I'm doing I know what I'm doing but I know that you're not going to follow my rules the folks that were leaving comments in the previous video didn't even notice that I told them exactly where the nonform perial was going to go how it was going to behave the gaps won't close because it's moved this many handles all these things all these things okay but now we're going to segue and leave this part because these are the parts that the folks that don't really follow the channel but they want to leave comments I'll say you talk too much okay no I'm answering lots and lots of questions okay some of these questions you don't you don't ever see and I'm addressing all of them and just because you never thought about it or you don't think it applies to you you're not the only audience member okay so I don't care about your comments when you say you talk too much I see your comment but I'll never see your comment again you're welcome to keep leaving more though all right so later in the day okay later in the day when we get through 9:30 opening bell and we start working inside of that opening range between 9:30 and 10:00 now this is the part where I use the next participation phase of this model which is first presented fair value G I taught this in audio lecture in 2022 you're welcome to go through YouTube because there's a a number of people that would record them because I didn't want those Twitter spaces on my YouTube channel so I gave permission for anyone that wanted to upload it and they can run an ads on it I don't care um there was a lot of things that I didn't want that content on my YouTube channel because number one I spoke with really blue collar language I was performing as like the Stone Cold Steve auson of of trading um it's kind of like my always been my character and I'm not really that guy I'm really this guy like I'm just the dad okay the internet dad that likes to make dad jokes and sometimes it sounds like narcissism but it's just me twisting that knife in the people that really don't see through me and the first presented Fair bag Gap that I introduced in 2022 and in verion Fair b g was introduced in 2022 you can find all those Twitter spaces if you just search on YouTube um not to be ignorant there's so many of you that do it I I just know that if you do a search on Twitter spaces from ICT you'll find them okay and just know that you probably shouldn't listen to them with children around because I'm going to be using language in them because I was performing as a character as a character okay and it's meant to get people's attention so that way you listen to me okay but I want to leave that that Persona because it's not necessary because I have almost two million people here soon and that's enough people so I don't need to build a crowd anymore but the first presented fair value Gap is the first presented fair value Gap that forms on a woman chart from my model and a lot of this has to do with Caleb's model so really what I'm showing you here is a lot of things I was never going to teach you from Caleb's trading model okay so all the things that we've talked about up to this point they're all part of what he was learning that you were never going to learn from me but because if I'm going to sit down and trade with real money show broker statements you I kind of like want to have a full documentation of what it is I'm doing right so that's what we're doing here so if you look at the Gap right here can you see that what that also overlaps with is if you see this Wick this is a discount Wick but when price is below it that discount Wick becomes an inversion premium now right so the market trades up into even if there was no Gap there I would use that level in and of itself I would never do that well that's you that's not me because I'm trading for this level down here that I told you Thursday night before Friday even began before non-front payroll Friday ever even happened I told you this is that level that purple level is that little 17 minute 48C minute marker of the video teaching about opening range gaps so here this is the very first presented fair value gap of the morning since 9:31 it can't be the Gap if it forms on 9:30 candle you have to wait that was the rules for Caleb well you can see this here too early this is the first one so in this little shaded area here that's my first presented fair value Gap now you might look at this and say well you got that drawn differently I'm drawing it like that because I'm not going to just use that Wick High I'm going to use these this overlap of these two candles bodies because I want to get as close as I can to these relative equal lows but still use the framework of the fair value gap which is why I said all these people said I found the secret the fair value gaps on YouTube and I'm going to teach it to you you don't know what you're talking about okay you had a personal Epiphany that's fine but you don't know what you're talking about you don't know the logic you have no idea what you're talking about and has all those little catchphrase you know uh clickbait titles those things will eventually hurt you over time because when I'm releasing my real content in the depths of where I'm going to go with it it answers your stuff as equipped not informed and frankly just incorrect so it just be careful because if you think you found something and you're going to put it out there I'm probably going to run over top of it this year and I'm not really aiming for anybody I'm just teaching my content but it's probably going to hurt a lot of you guys out there that want to be heroes on YouTube or social media Facebook T Tik Tok whatever instagrammers so you can see that I wanted to go short here and now because we're not trading to non-farm payer roll that's after this is after that 8:30 so we're we're inside of the opening range between 9:30 and 10:00 so between 9:30 and 10:00 that 30 minutes I'm waiting for that first fair value Gap but what direction am I trading in that purple line that's that level I told you on Thursday night so that's the draw on liquidity I'm not interested in going long I'm not interested in just seeing the market trade below these relative equal lows that's I'm not interested in that I'm interested in the market dropping aggressively into that purple level at 20983 75 that's what I'm aiming for that's the very thing I'm anticipating price deliver too I'm not trying to be long I'm not trying to buy I'm not trying to go long okay I'm not trying to look for reversals I'm not expecting these moves just to go below these relative equal lows and Peter out and go higher I'm not looking for it to go below this low and be done I'm looking for it to have a sustained price run to that purple level there and that's why my entry is here at 21,1 123.2mi as it breached at 20975 75 which is below 98375 and of course this is not micro it's these are mini contracts now so the it's a little bit different just a little shy of 12,000 if you had taken that trade that's what you could have scratched the itch with so I want you to think about how we just Blended all these things things in a very simplistic manner it may not feel simplistic it may not sound simplistic to you because you're probably brand new or you probably casually watch my videos and you don't really didn't take notes you didn't go through and do back testing you didn't forward test it you didn't walk forward and see do the things I'm teaching in these videos hold up because if they don't hold up you're quickly going to see that and you're never going to have to waste any time here that's why I tell you to go through the content and hold the logic to the task of does it hold up it's not not me cherry-picking anything it's me showing you what I'm using when I'm looking at the chart when I'm anticipating it I'm looking for these things to deliver because it's based on the source code of the algorithm you can think there ain't an algorithm all you want but the bottom line is it is it's going to use these levels over and over and over again when the Market's no longer respecting these levels or if I'm looking at pre-market and there're just simply not paying any mind to those levels I'm going to sit on the sidelines and wait for the opening range to complete then I'll trade silver Bol at 10:00 that's how I'm trading this year folks if you want to real quick and don't have to worry about watching any more videos and you just want to wait until I start showing executions and whatnot you don't need to watch any more videos because I just basically explained everything but it's not going to feel like that because if you haven't gone through my content you have no idea what I just said sound like word salad but buttons are being pushed here folks the logic's repeating in the future after I've divulged and told you the very specific elements about what the price is going to do when the price is going to do it how far it's going to go when is it not going to fill a gap all these things I'm teaching you the real algorithmic principles that repeat every single week now there's going to be deviations when that intervention comes in and I will fall victim just like you will I don't know when when they're going to Simply say well what we're just to teach some humility today and rip the market 150 handles the other direction for no unknown reason that can happen that's the unexpected risk that we all assume if we're going to trade with real money that's the real thing that's the real thing that is underlying with everybody's content my content is no exception just because I have stuff that is superior to everything else proving it beyond a shadow of a doubt the most profitable students the most documented number of people that have gone through even prop firm companies you it comes out of their mouth their most profitable students the most consistently profitable Stu not students but uh patrons and customers are out of mind fold they're all ICT based Michael hon logic and you can't deny that but these are Concepts that I had never ever wanted to teach I didn't want to teach these things this isn't it this isn't the Panacea be all and all of ICT or Michael but these are just really simple things I'm going to apply in 2025 you watch me show you in a amp account showing you the broker statements and you're going to see it again this year but you're going to see it also with a very very small shoestring budget imagine if you will that you couldn't come up with $1,000 say you couldn't come up with $1,000 and you you just really want to trade and you you listen to me and you said well Michael said that if I'm going to trade with real money I should trade with a micro for a while first and I should have at least $1,000 but I don't have it so what should I do you wait you wait but do you do you need a lot of money once you know what you're doing what does that mean like 5 years into your trading you know your mind model you know your way around yourself you're not Reckless when you see these things occur in price you know there's opportunity so you don't really need $1,000 so what I did was I I ran the uh amp account up to a point where I could take out $60,000 did a withdrawal on that and then I had $600 I think it was a little bit over $600 after the wire fees and whatnot and I have did a little bit of scalping and that account is where I'm going to grow that $600 account up to you know whatever I want to do before I close this lecture series out hopefully this is a more direct way of showing you how all these things are implemented and you can see the executions are being done and we're going to move further into this content and the model itself throughout the course of this coming week until I talk to you next time Lord willing good luck and good Trading e


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - SMC Opening Range Gaps
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIvlS330qrA
================================================================================

folks welcome back all right so we're going to be doing a very specific study on the smart money concept opening range Gap right so obviously I started this lecture series off with some general commentary around it as I stated I would be doing very specific details and rules and things that nature around the model that I'll be employing in 2025 so an opening range Gap obviously I see a lot of students with confusion they they're thinking that the new day opening Gap is the opening range Gap and hopefully we'll clear that up for them today first and foremost you have to check to make sure that your chart is showing in the regular trading hours not electronic trading hours you find that in the lower right hand corner usually you'll see rth or e T right here and it has to be toggled to regular trading hours and the time zone has to be set to New York always all right so we're going to be looking at this Candlestick right here on a one minute chart that's the time frame that's being shown here so this Candlestick if you take a look at this candlestick's Clos price you can see it up here 21497 and I'm highlighting it here so that we can see that the Candlestick is basically small little bodyless candle and I didn't want to hide that by having that little annotation covering it up so that's your first point of Interest which is previous day's regular trading hour settlement price that's always going to be as you can see here at the 4:14 p.m. eastern time on a one minute Candlestick here we can see at 9:30 a.m. on the very next day traing hours is going to only show the difference between where we settled the previous day at 4:14 p.m. to now the first opening price at 9:30 eastern time again all New York local time so this here shows that we're opening higher than where we settled in regular trading hours the previous trading day 9:30 a.m. eastern time higher opening price in regular trading hours is classified as a premium opening range Gap the opening range Gap is 120 handles or larger price could leave the Gap unfilled and you have a premium opening range Gap what you're doing is you're going to take your Fibonacci and this is the FIB settings that way you guys can have it real quick reference point you're going to take the FIB and anchor to the previous settlement price at regular trading hours at 4:14 on a one minute chart you're going to drag the Fibonacci up to the opening price the next trading day at 9:30 eastern time and again your chart should be toggled to regular trading hours it should look like this in the lower right hand corner when you're on that one minute chart these are the settings that have to be toggled and if your numbers don't look like this all you have to do is just double tap inside of every individual gray box and type in what you see mine is showing here now obviously when you have a large gap like this which is a couple hundred handles between the previous day's regular trading hour settlement at 414 p.m. to the opening price at 9:30 eastern time the following day with such a large gap like that the rules I employ is that it's probably going to keep going in the direction of an extreme Gap like that and if it ever it may not even do this much but if it ever does trade below that low usually it's going to stop around the upper quadrant and you can see that here okay so 25% of the opening range Gap is usually what you'll traded there and I actually gave you this earlier in the week with the lecture the very first lecture outlined it and then I traded with that same logic that evening going into the midnight opening range which allowed me to segue into that smart money concept when there's a large gap like this okay 120 handles is a good ballpark number where it could potentially keep the the Gap unfilled meaning that it doesn't come all the way back down to the previous day settlement price but it will eventually at a later time do that very thing now if you are seeing the market trade higher as we go into an economic report on the calendar uh this could usually be kind of like pumping the market up higher and then a later time in the same week or the very next day it can trade down into that level here and maybe go into the middle of the gap which is consequent encouragement this is that 50% level here eventually price will want to rebalance all of this here because it's inefficient because there no price at all zero so this is an actual liquidity void it's not a buy sign and bound sell sign and efficiency it's an actual liquidity void it's an actual void because there's no trading buying or selling between the price of this closing price and where we opened at 9:30 using regular trading hours now obviously when we start trading at uh 6:00 p.m. unless this is a a Friday which it's not because you can see it says Monday at Monday eastern time at 6: pm. the market will open up and then whatever it does between then and 9:30 that's shown in Electronic hours we don't need to see that here because the opening range Gap is the defined by regular trading hours only soon as you start showing electronic trading hours what you're looking at there is new day opening gaps and or new week opening gaps so just make sure you know in your notes if you're looking at your time reference in the lower right hand corner regular trading hours is always going to denote what the opening range gaps going to be if there is a gap if it's showing electronic trading out hours eth then it's going to give you the information that we derive for New Day opening gaps and or new week opening gaps okay obviously when the market shows a lower gap opening using the same parameters at 4:14 p.m. and we open down 9:30 eastern time the following day again using the regular trading hours this lower gap opening when we have that at 930 Eastern if that lower opening price in regular trading hours is appearing then that is classified as a discount opening range Gap if it's this large again we have several hundred handles the 25% of the opening range Gap or lower quadrant here that would be your your target if at all it may not even trade back to the high or even go back into the Open Range Gap so we would use the rules as I outlined when it was a premium open Gap so let's take us back to that premium opening Gap and I want you to think about how when we're looking at a lower gap opening we would be drawing the Fibonacci down or whereas a premium opening Gap we're drawing it up so it gives you the the proper classification for the quadrants upper quadrant here would be the a quarter of the opening range Gap if we are trading in between 20 and 75 handles with an opening range Gap whether it be premium or a discount Gap and again the classification is only determined by if it gaps higher at 930 that's a premium it's a gap higher if it gaps lower at 930 than where we settled at 414 that's a discount opening range Gap okay and the only reason that's important is it helps you determine what direction you're going to draw the FIB one so premium opening range gaps are drawn from the previous day's 4:14 p.m. Eastern times settlement price up to 9:30 opening next day again toggled on regular trading hours and reverse it for Discount opening range gaps but if it's 20 to 75 handles usually if it's a premium opening range Gap like this what I like to look at with electronic trading hours okay so this is for your notes you got to write this stuff down I going to do everything for you if it opens higher I like to see it trade to a free market session that means anywhere between 6:00 in the morning Eastern Time to 9:30 all that time there is pre-market so if we have a premium opening range Gap like this at 930 I want to see it trade to some overnight London high or relative equal highs or some high that was formed between 6 o'clock in the morning Eastern Time to 9:30 is opening price so it's going to run buy side initially and then I would look for it to trade back down into minimum consequent encroachment which is the red level here or middle the Gap and depending upon how I'm bullish or bearish or if I'm just trading inside of a range will determine whether or not I'm going to look for a complete Gap closure and there's a lot more rules we'll talk about before we get to the end of this month and I'll have all those details for you but we're just giving you very specific rules that I'm going to be employing for the majority of the times when I'm using opening range gaps in 2025 with this model I'm giving you in detail everything I'm saying for when it's a premium Gap you're just going to reverse the logic for a discount opening range Gap but here you can see it's the very next day here where that Gap higher the premium opening range Gap it trades up and it eventually comes back down into day the that 3:00 in the afternoon trades down into that upper quadrant so you can see how it was not willing to come all the way back down and close in that gap which should be a perfect re delivery to that price it's it's not happening here but it does trade to the upper quadrant of that Gap now why is it called the upper quadrant because the Gap starts here at the previous day at 44 eastern time and opens here so since it's an up Gap or premium Gap think about this as the range well this is the upper portion of that Gap this is the middle of that Gap this is the lower quadrant that Gap and this is the low of that Gap so when it's an extremely large gap opening my interest is only at this upper quadrant and then I'll see if it wants to have any interest in going back down into the middle of the Gap but 20 to 75 handles I like the odds of it trading to midgap now there's a sweet between 75 and 120 handles where it can go either direction so so I usually air on the side of what do I see in other analysis Concepts that is going to help me because I may have to just sit on my hands and wait till 10 o'clock and not trade anything at the opening range which is the first 30 minutes of trading between 9:30 eastern time to 10 o'clock so when I have 75 handles to 120 handles or or less than 100 handles or so um these are just general rules where I have to lean on what the market has in price where we are with the economic calendar and where we at with seasonal Tendencies the the current market structure all these things have to be referred to when the range is higher than 75 handles all right and then obviously the very next day entire new trading day we have another Gap here now this is the opening range gap which is very very small here but it opens trades down comes right back up into it here and then we break lower all these lines here are derived from the previous 24-hour session where that opening range Gap formed so that premium opening range Gap that's what these levels are here so this is the high of that previous opening range Gap the upper quadrant that I said that it would trade down to you can see it when it did it here and then we just Consolidated hit it once more and then we rallied up and then the next day at 9:30 this is 4:14 p.m. on this Candlestick right there now if I toggle one more over now you're looking at this price which is 9:30 in the morning on Tuesday January 7th 2025 we break lower trade back up into that opening range Gap breaks lower trades to the upper quadrant of the previous day's opening range Gap then it goes consequent encroachment lower quadrant and then a complete closure of the previous day premium opening range Gap and then you can see how the market used all of those levels here and it moves a little bit lower into the the session when you're looking at your regular trading hours chart you want to highlight every Gap you have a gap here on the 3 of January 2025 you have the Gap that we started this lecture here with and then that smaller one here that's shaded and then there was obviously one over here but you're not going to include that for this discussion but when the market opened up here this Gap is a liquidity void where it's zero trading no buying or selling during regular trading hours so this is an actual liquidity void when you see moves like this this has unfortunately been classified as a liquidity void it's not actually because there's actually buying and selling going on inside of that candlesticks range over here for reg trading hours there is no trading there during electronic trading hours there probably is but for the sake of doing the analysis with regular trading hour charting when there's gaps like this the market will want to do Patchwork where it'll deliver back down into it and offer price between these two defined levels where the previous settlement at 4:14 p.m. eastern time to to 9:30 the next trading day same thing over here this is a premium Gap this is a premium Gap okay so premium opening range gaps start with the FIB at the low up to the new 930 opening price just as we did here because it's a premium opening range Gap you anchor it to the closing price at 414 eastern time and you draw the FIB up and it shows your quadrant levels where you're going to be utilizing that information so here as the market starts to sell off look how the consequent encroachment offers another shorting opportunity mid Gap right here breaks down comes back to the lower quadrant of this Gap rolls over uses the low of the Gap starts to break down and trades into the opening price here which is the high of this opening range gap which is a premium opening range gap on the 3rd of January 2025 so the market trades down into it here hits the high of that opening range Gap there trades down the consequent encroachment look at the bodies see how they're respecting that midpoint then rallies up and then breaks down look at the bodies respecting the low of that opening range Gap and then look at the reaction there rallies up takes out the relative equal highs here and then it's most likely going to want to gravitate towards these relative equal lows here that's just a little too clean things like that price levels like that don't usually stay intact and the market will want to go and disrupt that the smooth edges will be made Jagged so there's some principles there's some uh very specific rules that I'm going to be employing as you can see not very complex it's it's complex if you've never worked with the r trading hours and moved and toggle between electronic trading hours and R trading hours but it's not complicated in terms of the logic so the rule-based ideas that I've applied here they're very specific but there's a gray area it's above 75 handles up to 100 handles or more but not 120 where I can go both directions so I'm a little bit more flexible in that range but anything higher than 120 handles I'm going to be Leery and anticipating that Gap IM immediately being refilled or rebooked to at least half the Gap it can but I want to have a little bit more information besides just using this information in and of itself right folks I want to thank you for your continued interest if you like these kind of lectures and you want to continue your learning the best way to show that you're appreciating it is a free thumbs up on the video I promise you it doesn't cost you anything until I talk to you next time good luck and good Trading


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - SMC Midnight Opening Range Live NQ Example
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ib9sa6ldwA4
================================================================================

[No English subtitles available]


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - SMC Midnight Opening Range
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0VYZoaTIKE
================================================================================

all right folks welcome back this is our lecture for January 7th 2025 the topic tonight is going to deal with the midnight opening range okay and I want you to know for all of you dear students of mine that are Forex fevered okay it's been a long time since I've messed around with Forex but usually when people think of Forex I'm probably the first person that comes to mind and I've probably introduced more for that industry than anybody else since its Inception so and that sounds a little narcissistic and arrogant but that's just the truth so I'm going to share with you one of my secret weapons tonight okay uh it works obviously in Forex and it works in Futures it works in every asset class with the exception of crypto I am never ever ever going to coign for crypto um also for the folks that keep asking about synthetic markets and or synthetic indices I don't have any experience with them and just like the Indian markets the Nifty I have no experience with that either so you'll have to go somewhere else for an opinion on whether my stuff works in those things because I've never actively pursued whether or not it does okay so with that said I want you to think about all the things if you've been with me for a very very long time as a student or just a curious constant reader uh that period of time when I was focusing on predominantly the Forex markets I was able to Showcase a lot of things where I would run accounts up that break next speeds and trade in the London session and do lots of wonderful things in the London session that just seem to defy all logic it had to be fake it had to be a white label broker it had to be fraud it had to be you know some kind of trickery delay data something to that effect and I'm going to Showcase tonight something that I've never shown anyone because it's never been my interest to share some of my you know best-kept Secrets but I'm going to do that tonight just to prove to you that it's not gain it's not W off it's not any of those types of things it's my stuff so when I coded this algorithm I wanted to have advantages in being able to implement daily highs daily lows know where the lay of the land's going to be and then as a boundary marker for the daily range high and low then I can operate in the meet in between very easily be able to have a an opportunity to just delve into the plethora of opportunities and setups that would be between those boundry points now it's not imperative that you learn how to pick the daily High and the daily low okay I have given points of reference that will help the diligent student get very close to it now when you think about this it seems impossible how could someone know the daily High and the daily low of a market before it even trades but I told you back when I was on baby Pips I was able to do this and I was showcasing examples where I was doing trades executing on them and being very very close to the high and very very close to the low how was I doing it I wasn't willing to teach it and in 2016 I did a paid mentorship and when we got to uh 2017 uh portion of it which is all one paid membership and that's the same content that I've uploaded on my YouTube channel so for people that are constantly leaving comments saying do you still do paid memberships or mentorships no I don't I don't need your money I'm not living off of the handouts from other people I don't need to do that I don't need to do it okay and to prove it I put all my content up on YouTube for free and I promise you okay I could make millions of dollars every single month if I wanted to sell a mentorship okay I would put everybody else out of business and that's how it would be I'm not interested okay I love doing it like this is how I started and I love being a teacher from the heart so that way there's no there's no upsell there's nothing that you're going to have to pay me for and you don't even have to say thank you I really don't care if you do it's just it's not important but for the folks that learn from me I do appreciate when you give me feedback and there's lots of individuals that are doing that and I just want you to know that it's appreciated as a teacher as a a fellow human being uh The Compassion that other people have shown me for the effort that I've placed out there with no expectation at all in terms of a monetary reward in compensation between you and I as a student you're here because you want to be and nothing keeps you here except for your interest so I want to talk about obviously the example of using the midnight opening range and the benefits of having that information with the NASDAQ first and then before I close this session out I will show it to you in a Forex pair and everyone knows that if you've watched me as a Forex teacher and teaching my Concepts in that industry or asset class everyone that knows me knows that the cable or pound dollar was my favorite currency pair and you know true to form just for nostalgic reasons we'll go back into that same currency pair and I'll show you how to implement the same thing here tonight that way you can go back and back test you can study and get your hearts filled with all kinds of joy and excitement just like on Christmas Eve where you can't fall asleep cuz you know Santa's coming so one minute chart here on the NASDAQ okay I'm not going to counsel you to look at the video I posted prior to this one in this playlist so the 2025 lecture series on my YouTube channel the Inner Circle Trader I gave you an example last night where my son and I were working with this very concept here okay and how I could predict the low of the midnight opening range and what you can use with this information going forward how is it helpful to you as a Trader what information does it help you collect what can you utilize with this information for setups stop management all those types of things are crucial and and they're helpful really so without going through all of this movement here where we used the Cy last night and used all this frame of reference and then shorted this fair value gap which was also optimal trade entry we we short my son and I is what we're talking about here uh that was done in his account that was not my account he sat with me in a webinar seminar type you know Pro program what I could say about his chart when he's shown it to me live it's kind of like a where we sit and we talk like he's at his home I'm in my home and he's sharing his chart or I'll share my chart so when you're looking at that video last night that's not my Live account that's me talking about what it is that he should do and he's given access to the cursor so that way when the button's being pushed he's pushing the button but it's me doing all the annotations okay so that way you understand what was going on there last night it was a live account it's his account he's pushing the button but I'm annotating and explaining to him so you're probably saying well why can't you talk during the video well not everything that I do with my children you're not obligated to that okay so in other words you're not entitled to have everything I'm teaching them but because I wanted to Showcase what I'm segueing into tonight I wanted to show you a real world example of you Michael the trader having the understanding about what this algorithm does because having this information is one thing having the idea and the source code if you will of why it should be beneficial what it could be used for what what is it used to bring about in terms of setups what place does it hold in power three with the daily range construction all those things okay are building blocks they they they stack on one another to present what the daily range will be at the end of the trading session now no one else out there has this information because if they did they would prove it they would showcase it and they would be able to implement things and show you before it happens and there is no one walking this planet that's able to do that now in the recent years of me teaching and talking about these types of things and giv Concepts and conceptual ideas that audience has grown and their affinity for the ideas that these markets are absolutely 100% scripted and controlled by an algorithm it's no longer taboo but there's still a strong opposition to the idea and that's good that means that there's always going to be liquidity there's going to be people that's going to be able to be the opposite side of your winning trade because they are not informed okay so that's a benefit to you and if you're in a conversation with folks out there and they're arguing saying that what I'm teaching or talking about doesn't exist it's it's made up contrived let them believe it let them believe it it's okay don't try to win every argument with these people okay so I want you to think about how I taught the opening range in the morning session that's being specifically aimed around the 9:30 to 10:00 in the morning 30 minute interval so that segment of time that is the algorithmic opening range there is absolutely I don't care who tells you what there's no other opening range except for that 30 minute interval okay if it's less than 30 minutes it ain't algorithmic it's just somebody trying to make up something but the algorithm absolutely uses that first 30 minutes and it does the same type of thing at midnight New York local time for the folks that've been with you know with me as the Inner Circle tra and I was doing predominantly just Forex instruction you all know that I taught a concept and you can find it on my paid membership and mentorship lectures in this YouTube channel all you have to do is look for 2016 2017 playlist for the mentorship those are the actual lectures that you would have had to pay me for back then and I've uploaded them on my YouTube channel for free because there's lots of people out there that still sell it to people that don't know that it's on my YouTube channel for free and I get emails all the time I wish I would have known well I tell it all the time go through my content you can see the playlist search through the playlist and you'll see I've have literally gifted it to the community I don't need the money from it anymore and I'm never going to do another another paid mentorship it's never going to happen so why am I doing this because I love doing it okay and I promise you the ad Revenue isn't that great okay and I can make a lot more money trading than the ad Revenue will ever pay me so pull up your sleeves grab a writing utensil and get ready to take some cool notes because this is the information these are the things I was using back when I was running up those accounts over millions of dollars when I was trading the Forex markets and I was teaching and lecturing over live price action and everyone that didn't believe in me had all these crazy thoughts about how I was using some kind of delayed data I was using some kind of a white label broker and I was keying in trades after the fact well now you've seen enough of me doing it with live executions with a live broker with live broker statements okay it it's kind of hard to make that argument anymore so what was I was doing back on baby Pips when I was able to go in there and trade and nail the high of the day in the low of the day how was I able to do that it's this concept here that starts it all off okay so again we're going to first present the idea in the NASDAQ and then we're going to give an example in the pound dollar for Forex Traders okay so this is the midnight opening range so the first thing you got to do is obviously find electronic trading hours so for the folks that don't know um I don't necessarily know what plan you have to have for trading view So to avoid the idea that I'm trying to sell or getting any kind of affiliate marketing type thing from Trading view which they offered it to me I declined it uh I don't do any affiliate marketing because that way my opinion is 100% organic it's not influenced by anyone I'm not paid to say I like something or don't like something if I say I don't like something or I like it I like it or I don't like it and it's is simply that so I don't know what plan you would have to pay to have trading view offer this for intraday charting when you're looking at index Futures uh this I I don't I don't know to be honest you I have the highest form of plan at trading view so I I have the pro uh platform so I can see things that maybe your plan or if you don't have a paid plan for trading view you may not have this option and there's nothing I can do to correct that for you okay so just know that I'm being honest with you I'm being sincere about it I don't know personally what plan would offer this if it if it requires you being a paid member of trading view so just bear that in mind I apologize if that's offensive or if it makes you mad but I don't have any control over that okay so you're going to be looking at it through electronic trading hours okay and by having that you're going to be able to see basically you know Globex hours trading that means the off session or non-regular trading hours when you have it on electronic trading hours what you're going to do is you're going to grab your vertical line here and you're going to find midnight and you always have to make sure that your your chart is set to New York time don't care where you live geographically on this spinning rock that we call Earth you always have to set your charts to New York local time because everything runs by this algorithm on New York local time whatever it is in New York time that's what your chart should be set set to so you can see everything based on algorithmic delivery anyone tells you other than that they don't know what they're talking about if they talk about algorithms and they're not specifically talking in eastern or East Coast time they're completely oblivious and they don't know what to talk about to run away from them because they're frauds so at midnight we have this beginning reference point so that's the beginning and this is the end at 12:30 so you find 12:30 on a one minute chart right there see that so now all you have to do is find where is the opening candle at midnight right here that candle the low and the high there's three reference points there that are very very crucial to me as a Trader so when I coded this algorithm I wanted to have the benefit of having the parameters of a daily High a daily low and that way I can find the the plethora of setups between those two daily range EX streams so that means I could trade with the idea that I know it's likely to reach to this degree of price because it's going to be the high the day and I can trade to this degree of price because it's going to be the low of the day and while I'm in between both of those reference points if I know what time of day it is I know how I can implement the meat basically on that bone between the high and low of the day so there's a plethora of setups in between those two reference points now it's not my goal to teach you how to pin pinpoint the daily high and low but I'm going to give you some hints like I did to my paid membership students in the 2016 2017 mentorship where I was teaching in Daily high and daily low now there's a lot of things that go into that and again I'm not going to just simply divulge that because that is such a degree of there's no competition when you have that there really is no competition to it but you don't need to know the very high or low of the day but you can anticipate a rough idea where that might be a couple times a week with what I've already taught my YouTube channel and I'm going to give you some more information here so it kind of like will help you if you have all my old videos from uh baby Pips days you can go back and use this idea here and back test and see exactly what I was doing and it was just like I'm showing you here tonight okay so what three reference points are we looking at well the first thing is the opening price at midnight on this Candlestick right there we're going to plot that like that and it's widen this up a little bit so we can see that range a little bit better and I have to be careful because if I'm not this could be very easily another hour long video and I don't want to make a long long video because I know the attention span of new students isn't that long and unfortunately they sometimes lose interest and they don't ever really get the chance to appreciate what's being shared so we have this level here and I'm going to thicken that up you don't see it but I have this little recording thing it's always in my way and then uh we're going to clone that and we'll plot that right there on the low okay so now what I have here and I'll make this a little bit thicker as well and make it black there you go and I'll change that to a uh a dash line okay so that's the midnight opening price for power three power three is your daily range Candlestick formation this high is the midnight opening Range High and this is the low of the midnight opening range okay so this information once you have it it provides a great deal of insight okay and if you look at what I was doing in the trade last night with my son Caleb all of this move here I anticipated that and was showing you where it would draw down to and it's really based on simple liquidity this right here right in here this inefficiency this is Bid and balance cellid efficiency and then we have the liquidity resting below here so these are all draws in liquidity and I was mainly using this frame of reference there so if we go back over here once we have this information I'm now I'm going to take these lines that are vertical off okay so you don't no longer need them but now you know what it looks like and how to frame it yourself in this drop here from the high down to the low of the midnight opening range I want to look for inefficiencies order blocks Breakers any PD that I've taught in month four content of my paid membership and mentorship lectures the way you look for that on the YouTube channel is go into 20 2016 ICT private mentorship playlist and look for month four and I'll go through in that number of videos I go through my PD arrays the first introduction of going through them not all of my PD arrays are taught in that playlist but the majority of them are introduced there not all 81 of them so if you notice this level right here this single candle right there that is your first reference point where the largest degree of displacement takes place notice that now sure we had a CBI over here with this one right here much more pronounced okay much much more prominent it it really jumps off the chart so by having this and measuring that inefficiency we can now have a graded inefficiency that can be utilized oops I just grabbed the wrong thing we can use this information and go forward by having a and real quick last night I taught you that see how this closing price is below the next candle's opening price here you see that so this candlesticks close the bottom end of the body basically that is lower in value than the opening price of that Candlestick so that's why I'm putting that shaded box on the wick of this candle and not this close Okay and the same thing over here this candlestick's close is lower than this candlestick's open so there's no volume imbalance is what I'm basically getting at if there's a volume imbalance you have to make sure that you encapsulate the c or Bice balance so efficiency bissy which would be the opposite of this this is a Cy one single candle that's bordered by previous candle that doesn't share the same range and a subsequent candle that doesn't share the same range of this one single pass through on here okay so now we have this extended through and now this displacement the algorithm will refer back to that it'll go right back into that range and how will it use it well we have gradient levels here the lower quadrant consequent encroachment which is the midpoint of the Range High and load that creates this single cell side and balance b side and efficiency and the upper quadrant level here and then obviously the high and the low respective of this inefficiency now by having this information we can go forward and use things like fibs that give you mathematically derived projections to where the daily highs and the daily lows will form now that sounds crazy right like there's no way come on ICT we can't do things like that well you can't but I can so if you take the high here of that opening range at midnight and we plot that like that you see that now I'm going to go into the settings so you can see again here is my Fibonacci settings and if we add things like negative .5 -1 things of that nature uh we can get projections that will take us above these relative equal highs how high can it go how high can it go if it's going to sweep Above This level here and how low can it go when it starts to break lower should it do so well if we scrunch this thing up here a little bit and we apply the FIB both directions so here's 0.5 and then1 and then we have the standard deviations that are projected lower down here now we have things that we can project going forward we have some relative equal highs up here so there buy side liquidity and we can anticipate price running up into these levels here and then we have standard deviation ne1 now what is that measuring like what is it that you're actually getting from that you're getting the range low of the midnight opening range at 30-minute interval between midnight and 12:30 Eastern certain time if the market trades above it then it can go one half of one standard deviation or one standard deviation so in other words the actual range from the high to low at range added to the high that's all it is so think like measured move how hard and fast it goes to that degree of Premium or discount is relative to an economic calendar event during London okay so this is all help you trade London session that's that's what it's really based around and I'll give you some more details in a moment just bear with me okay these are very very complex Concepts so when I sat down and I was coding all these things to make it fashionable where knowing what it's going to do repeating it and now it's going to refer back the same reference points and over and over and over again uh that is something that I can't obviously teach and Showcase in a video I certainly not going to do it on YouTube anyway but just to give you the the nuts and bolts if you will this is a very easy brass tax approach to finding the one or two levels that generally not all the time but generally will deliver what you're going to be looking for for a daily high or daily low we have relative equal highs over here you see that so this one here is enough to do that it trades up into it there but then we have standard deviation one up here so watch what happens later on in the day session but for right now I want you to look at what we have in London okay we have the standard deviation based on this inefficiency if we take the the range from low to high that's this low here to that high half a standard deviation one standard deviation if we use the inefficiency we can do the same thing there where we can take those levels and now we'll plot them from low of the inefficiency the high now I already know okay I already know that there are very very critical Minds watching this and they're saying this is over complication okay I already told you this it's is something that it's not found in other books know that the Educators Gan doesn't know about it wof sure as hell didn't know anything about this Larry Williams doesn't know anything about this you know nobody else knows that stuff because you're talking to the macdaddy who put it together so this inefficiency here if we use that same idea of standard deviations from that we can also get very very precise elements to how the algorithm will rebook and redeliver to premium and disc discount even inside of that midnight opening range what do I mean by that well this is first presented displacement okay the displacement in and of itself is a PD array remember we already had a inefficiency offered here here okay so it's not that it's you know sell sign balance in in of itself it it's a very large one and it's occurring inside of the midnight opening range so it jumps off the chart it's the first presented displacement notice that so what happens when I add these same levels that are here1 and 0.5 what if I add that to this inefficiency on the upside you get these things like this you get the 50 or half of it that's this level here look what the bodies are doing you see that look at all this close of that candle the open of that candle all this consolidation around there look at the bodies here here and it moves away from it and then we have the negative one stering deviation here what is it doing it's creating this delivery of that high look at the bodies working around that and all the consolidation around here and runs away from it there now what happens when we use the same idea and we add it to the rejection below this inefficiency you start from the high down to the low 0.5 you can see how we're working this level here and then finally at1 standard deviation we see it here here here and then rallies and starts working inside of that displacement in and of itself so we can see there's boundaries that can be created with this so the markets are absolutely not random and you're going to try to argue with me and tell me that you know all the buyers came to the conclusion that this is a good time to buy and sellers said no we're not interested in selling anything lower than that so therefore the market stopped turned on a dime and reversed right wrong same thing here the market is just going to randomly go down to that level here stop turn around and go higher simply because sellers no longer interested in going short and or buyers overtook the buying or selling of short sellers that's not how the markets work folks okay and for the folks that are leaving comments and saying you don't even know how the markets do auction you don't know auction Theory you don't know algorithmic price delivery that's the problem here there's a break in communication here because you don't know the language of the marketplace you can read all the books and listen to all these people talk about how they used to work on the floor and they knew this and they knew that these same people are in my mentorship okay so come on on please when you look at the degree of precision okay and find it anywhere else you're not seeing it anywhere else floor pivot numbers ain't going to deliver this level of precision okay it's not there folks supplying man ain't going to do it either but now watch what happens when we trade outside the bend of this range notice we're we're probing below it here but it's only going one standing deviation of this inefficiency with that low right there remember go back to it look look see look at it it's controlled it's only allowing one standard deviation outside of this when it went lower I'm not interested in in seeing it Go below that low because I don't think it's going to do it why why was I interested in only getting out when it went down here why was I why was I doing that because this inefficiency told me that this one standard deviation down here is is about as far as it'll go once it trades to my target three look at the video from last night okay so once we get back inside of this inefficiency that's in purple then I can start looking at the quadrants the consequent crment and the high and the low the actual inefficiency so you can see the low of the inefficiency here again that's this candlestick's high it's supporting it here rallies up to upper quadrant trades back down it trades just outside of it here but then goes right back into the middle and starts consolidating around the con quent cachent or the midpoint of that purple area then the market trades one more time lower and now it's allowing price to go outside the range of this inefficiency because it's in in it's enticing it's luring traders to go short and it's probing for liquidity below this low and anything that's around here they'll prob at and try to see if they can get that but they got a short-term low here they worked below that and then back up inside of that purple shaded area which is the first displacement in the midnight opening range the market rallies back up trades through the high the opening range at midnight here then back down the consequent encroachment consequent encroachment that's the red level which is essentially just half of the purple shaded area which is this inefficiency now think about these are all rule based ideas okay it's not contrived it's not conjecture it's not just pulling things out of Randomness these are things that I want you to go back and look at your own charts okay just watching this video and being frustrated saying there's no way this is too complicated I don't know what to do with this the information that you're going to glean by going back over old data old price moves is going to be astronomical like it's going to get your gears turning and you're going to be looking for these types of things and how it's influential going forward so we get to the low of that inefficiency again here what time of day is that it's 2:41 that's London open you want to be trading the London session I said D can you please do a London session can you talk about the London session I'm doing it I'm doing it it's right here this is the stuff I was doing with pound dollar euro dollar and I was smoking the Forex Market I was smoking everybody else out there in their bull crap that they believe that causes markets go up and down because this stuff works in Forex too think about it folks you're getting to see what really is going on behind the facade of just technical analysis the source code is being revealed right here right here you can't escape it it's right in front of you it's been hidden from you all this time because you're not looking for the things that reveal it because its author never talked about it so we're looking at this rallying higher we took this period of uh short-term highs here that b side was taken here and then where's it go right back down into that first displacement in the opening range at midnight creates a short-term low it trades below it again and goes right to the lower quadrant look at that you can't get any planer than Precision look at that look at the low okay look up look up here look at this Val value right here okay keep your eye on that right there okay see that low right there what's that low 21,7 5.50 now watch watch ready we're going to take our time travel way back here at this random Candlestick that was just picked out of the thin air right what's the value of the lower quadrant 21, 7550 folks Gan whiteoff all these Jokers from the old days okay that looked at charts and they pointed the things and they said this is what makes the markets go up and down and they only explain things in hindsight I'm giving you things that's going to predict the future and it's going to continuously predict the future and I don't want you to take my word for it I want you to go back to your charts and look for these signatures because I put them there for you to see all the time time emphasis on time stops right there because of selling pressure was abated and now by buying pressure came in come on it's not it's not what's going on but it's a wonderful fairy tale so the market does what what is it going to do here what's it going to do it delivers on 330 macro in London session go back through my Forex lectures I tell you very specifically at 3:30 that's your sweet spot don't take my word for it do not take my word for it here don't just say well ICT said it in this video on January 7 2025 no no no no no no no no no no go back through my lectures in the 2016 2017 and listen to what I'm talking about listen to the old lectures that I did on Twitter in Twitter spaces two years ago I talked about first present of fair value got just casually mentioning it the astute traiter the APT pupils heard me say it and he took notes and they said what's he talking about let me go and then all of a sudden boom they could see it I dropped the breadcrumbs for many years but if the person that sitting around and watching my video or listening to me lecture and they get drowned by the the depth and the word Sal that you think I'm putting out here I'm not talking to hear my own voice I'm talking to teach you but I'm also teaching in a way where only those individuals that really want it and deserve because of their work ethic they're going to get it I'm not interested in creating one two three copy me here's your you know plan and there it is go run and make money make books sell courses and be a mentor and sell mentorships for $1,000 to get in and never have to prove that you're a Trader come on I'm not putting people in business like that so at 3:30 the market starts to run away from lower quadrant of the first was first displacement in the midnight opening range the market rallies aggressively up to some random projected level negative 0.5 and then creates a retracement makes a higher high fails to take that the high and then we trade back down into the first displacement again stops dead end it to high at 5:00 now London session is done okay what's going to take place now we focus on the day session now what we'll do is we'll we'll scrub over to and jump right into the 9:30 session here and notice how we traded up in the uh electronic trading hours right ahead of the New York opening bell at 9:30 see how the price trades up here look at this that's that negative one standard deviation on the midnight opening range see how that delivered that and then you have this nice turtle soup rally up and then breaks down you see that see that right there now inside of this area here okay I want to refer back to a reference point that's found in regular trading hours so if we go into regular trading hours and I don't know again if you have the plan with trading view that allows you to see this I'm not selling for them they offer me affiliate program program I denied and declined it I'm not interested in doing any affiliate because I want again my opinion about things to be organic and I'm not for sale and you can't hire me and if I don't like your product I'm going to say I don't like it if I like your product I'm going to say I like it I'm not asking for any Kickbacks okay so uh we're going to go to regular trading hours real quick and I want you to look at this little area right here you see that so right here that's the opening price here and the difference between where we settled previous day at regular trading hours see that boom boom those two reference points there so now watch if I highlight that volume and balance because that's what this is and I'm going to highlight that with this shaded color okay now because I have this here I can go back to electronic trading hours I know this is this is so complicated ICT this is hard right and that's why you you don't see anybody able to do the same things you see me do he's such a narcissist now it's I'm just telling you the truth having this reg training hours reference point that volume of balance and extending it forward and we're going into the 930 opening here the market takes a dive trades look where the bodies are you see that that's that midnight opening range see how it's did that see how it's respecting that Gan had nothing to do with that wov has nothing to do with it her Cycles has nothing to do with that Sam sidon supply and demand had nothing to do with that volume profile had nothing to do with that vwap had nothing to do with that nothing to do with that and the market does what it rallies right back up into that same area and look at the body stop in my volume and balance in my source code my reference point that I say you can go no further you stop right here and the market breaks down once more and it does something that I've taught in 2024 and mentioned in audio in Twitter spaces in the summer of 2022 inversion fair value gaps well let's add that real quick so the Market's doing this it's going from here see look at that volume balance you see the difference between this candlestick's close and this candlestick's open that green candle here there's a small little portion of price action right in there and let's take away this uh extent right we don't need that we here and if we look at that that volume and balance rate there we have to use that when we're referencing buy side and cell side uh in balances so this inefficiency on the upside normally we would expected to trade back down because anyone that's watched my work they'll say oh it's one of those fair value gaps it's simple you just go in and you buy that wrong wrong wrong wrong the idea is we've already made a run and created the high and then it bumped it here at 930 the high the day is getting rided then it trades lower everybody wants to dog pile on it and go short then they send it right back up to that imbalance that volume imbalance and then we have this move lower and this is an inversion fair value Gap so once we trade through it coming right back up into the bottom of it look at the bodies is the bodies respecting the halfway point yes you want proof let's do it here's the midline look at the bodies stopping dead in its tracks boom lower she goes lower okay and let's aim for 640 21, 640 and then we'll be content with something like that so we can go in here and do something like uh I don't know maybe show some executions and there we go boom inversion fair value got and taking profit selling short two more and then doing another quick recovery in there so we're seeing that we have no real interest I'm sorry I said went short there is me adding going long so covered went long went long and then sold the two contracts there so I did two things here I went short you can see it there short buying it back and then going long and going long you can see it right behind that right here going along there and going along there and then feeling out of it right there because I wasn't content with uh holding I wanted to see it come back up and bump into this and then I was going to reverse and then add more going short but I didn't like what it was doing so it is what it is so all in all that was how I engaged today I really wasn't going to do anything this morning but I figured well you know this is pretty pretty easy let me just get get involved with it but in here once we traded down into consequent encroachment of the midnight opening range it's the 30-minute interval between midnight and 12:30 eastern time we went to consequent encroachment traded back up to the high look what price it's touching what's this dash line remember that that's midnight opening Price Power three so we can say that right here that's the high of the day this can Candlestick the open is here and one more time they pass back up into a premium we break lower inversion Fair Val Gap Michael gets short rides all the way down slices through the midnight opening range and look what it does it leaves it aggressively it's no longer interested in coming back to to test it as a resistance or premium array that's what it's indicating the Market's extremely heavy so look for lower prices so we can see that the market does in fact offer my 21640 and it pushed down there aggressively and with slippage 2,630 and then I did some reversal trading in here to try you know try to scalp a little bit and was able to finesse a couple little points in there but then buried that idea quickly because we couldn't even get up to this level here where I wanted to go short and hold on to it for the rular trading hours Gap that uh was afforded you know traders that were looking Beyond to Simply yesterday's opening range Gap so I told you I would look at things with the uh Forex market so let's take a look at the Forex pair and forex.com that was always the uh broker data feed I used when I was teaching Forex and here's pound dollar or table as it's usually referred to by as Forex Traders all right so now let's go back through real quick because this is already a very very long video and this is not what I intended to do but I apologize um It's just sometimes it's just going to be like that right I'm going say there would be days like this this guy loves himself too much all right so we're looking at the same thing here we're going to look at the midnight start here so we have midnight candle right there on a one minute chart notice that here one minute and then we're going to do the same thing with 12:30 so that way it'll give us the midnight opening range so that's that's your range okay and what you're doing is you're getting three reference points there you can add the fourth one being the highest high and the lowest low and uh the opening price but we're looking at this Candlestick here since it's a down close candle that means the open of that body is your midnight opening price so we're going to do this so there's your midnight opening price for power three and then we're going to look at the low in between these two vertical lines what's the lowest low right here all right and then we'll make this uh pretty little color purple the color purple that was a great movie I don't know if you guys watched that that was one of the the real let's make it bright uh real beefy that's one of the uh good movies that came out during the 80s Willie Goldberg and number of other uh great actors we in that all right so we have our opening range at midnight opening price low and the high so now with this range here what can we do well we can grade it that means we do a run from low to high okay and it'll allow us to do what we can see price runs and more specifically inside this range we're going to highlight that so that way we can project it throughout the entirety of the day and we'll see how that is influential with price action and let's do it uh purple we'll do it like that and then we'll extend it to the right okay and then now this here we can do things like uh run standard deviations off of this where there's one standard deviation then we can do the displacements like this is the first one here so that's your first displacement higher leaving this consolidation here so you can take that and project that into the day as well kind of like treat it like it's the first presented Fair Val G and we'll make that white simply because it should stand out now okay notice it's also encapsulating the opening price at midnight you see that so there's a couple things there that are agreeing and also this is consequent encroachment of this entire range at the midnight opening range so there's a couple things that are are converging in our Confluence in this little small little uh range of price action let's scrunch this up okay and I want you to you can see how we have the market reaching higher and then it dies back down into .5 here look at the buys here and then look what it creates right there relative equal lows you see that that right there is a trap they're just letting that look like it's just real good support and then they rally it higher up takes us up into it looks like it's a standard deviation 6 and a half or six maybe let's do six and a half and six and a half and the market rolls away from that and then drops right down into oh oh what's this time what time is this what time is that right there 329 in Forex I taught you The Sweet Spot for London SE is exactly 330 and that's when the algorithm comes in fires off and what's it doing oh it's just randomly trading down into that first presented fair value Gap inside of the midnight opening range I goodness Virginia I believe this young man's got something here and I don't think I ever seen it in any other person's books or courses or mentorships my good my goodness look this and then takes off no it rallies trades right back down into the midnight opening range and then sends price higher and then Works off of the negative .5 level and the negative one level and it rips through tears the face off of traders that are short here way up here so my question to you is do you have a mentor that teaches you how to take that trade with that degree of precision it's not using my smart money Concepts I bet you don't I bet you they're asking for money and you can never find these types of trades in the logic behind it so why are you paying them why you paying for those things huh because you're getting it the real direct way right from the horse's mouth right here so you can see that there's a benefit obviously to having this information and knowing the time okay listen to me the time that the trades should form and deliver that's how you don't have to trust that I'm telling you this an algorithm all you have to do is say okay he's given me these reference points to keep looking for it do these things keep repeating yes and they're not found in any else it's the wonderful thing I stand on that all the time and many times it's people's throats that I'm standing on because they want to fight it they want to argue and they say that you can't be that guy you can't know these things and you didn't make it you rebranded it from someone else and you got $5 million direct wire from me if you can go through anybody else's stuff and find this because it's not there 1996 codified Michael so anyway the market trades lower and what does it do here comes all the way back down into this area here look at this look at the bodies respecting that it's almost like it's been told behave this way and then it rips outside of it which is normal it's in introducing the idea that okay it's going to keep going lower and then it doesn't it comes right back into to the range works the upper quadrant level and look at the bodies look at that lower quadrant level rips higher comes right back to the opening range at midnight look at that ain't that beautiful is that beautiful seriously all put aside isn't that just beautiful if it's going to come back down here and go higher what's the easiest low hanging fruit objective if you're a Forex Trader and you want to trade that 8 in the morning during the New York open Kill Zone remember that here's by side it's easy trade from here to there booked done done and dusted there's so many setups here so many things that you can build off of but the main thing is this are you looking for the moves that really like the launch and take off and rip the faces of traders that don't know any better that's what I'm teaching you that's exactly what I'm showing you right here Daddy's pulled back the veil and showed you who's really informed because the price is always delivered by a Time based delivery mechanism that is the algorithm it's not buying and selling pressure convince me seriously convince me that buyers and sellers are using these reference points because no one else has t about it so where is it coming from I didn't get it from anyone else I didn't borrow the logic from anyone else I didn't Rebrand it I didn't borrow the concepts from someone else and say let me make a name for myself and call it something else that would be foolish that would be foolish of anyone especially someone like myself I have a very large following you would think out of 1.5 million people that are just subscribers and I have most of the people that leave comments in my videos aren't even subscribed to my channel so that tells you there's a whole lot more followers of the concepts and videos that I produce we're in the millions and those Millions can't come for with the evidence that this is somebody else's stuff come on I've invited you to do it and I told you I'd reward you because it's it's a safe trade I'm never going to have to put that $5 million in anybody's hands because I made this I codified this it's mine and it's because it's mine I feel entitled to be able to share it despite what anyone else might think about that so that's why I do it the market does in fact trade up here and takes that buy side out and we do in fact have a one hour video so it takes the buy side out here consolidates as alltime Distortion and then we have the market drop down here what what's coming at 10:00 well if you look at the economic calendar we had the ism PMI number and we had the uh jols number at 10 a.m. eastern time and that's what we're seeing here the market Dives down and then at 10:00 it does what it Wicks through up to this Cy here which is also a breaker high low higher high there's your breaker the trade right into that hammered it just a wick outside because the Wicks are allowed to do the damage and then the market breaks aggressively lower and it's almost like it was telling it way in advance at midnight that it wants to do these types of things but I'll leave that up to you whether you decide there's any value in this but this is one of the tools that I used when I was doing Forex and I didn't want to teach it to anybody because it's just a secret weapon it's one of the things that source code handlers let's say it that way um they have that advantage and all of your best moves are going to springboard off of things like this and I have lots of these types of things this is just one more of those 81 PD arrays that unfortunately puts me in a different category of technician puts me in a different category of visibility because I don't see open high low and close I see what the algorithm is doing I see the reference points it's going to go back to today in the afternoon tomorrow next week next month that's what separates me and that's what makes me Inner Circle Trader that's what makes me that those things I will never hand all those advantages to anyone else my children will see them but even in their hands with me teaching them they're seeing how it's not easy it's not easy to have what I have it's not easy and it's normal for you to see all these things and say man this is really complicated but here's how you should take this information and go forward with it okay and then I'll close it I want you to think about how we're finding the framework with this information the opening range Gap we talked about that yesterday wasn't the first time I talked about it but that's your first beginning point the framework that you use around opening range gaps is derived by the midnight opening range that's the 12:00 to 12:30 eastern time before you even wake up to trade in New York session you should have at least referred back to that that area of price action and carry forward that information like you're seeing right here every significant price run I promise you I promise you every significant price run that's worth its measure in terms of uh significance the move that every Trader wants to be a part of that's where my pdas shine they just they fared out all those types of moves and nobody else's Concepts can ever brag that fact they can't do it there's nothing close to what you're learning from me not even remotely in the same vicinity we're light years above and beyond and outside the reach of anyone else out there and this is nothing still this is still nothing if this was something you would learn in grade school I have things that are PhD and Mastery level and this is like first grade that's how deep this goes That's how much precision and time based oriented price delivery just like that all scripted all coded all codified it'd be one thing thing if I said it and never proved that I could use the logic but I showed it to you last night I have students all the time can you show me London can you do something with London we you keep promising London London London I just gave you the golden ticket to trading the London session you don't ever need to have me talk about the London session ever again with everything I've taught in the 2016 2017 paid premium mentorship lectures that I've uploaded to this YouTube channel go and look at the playlist you'll see it go through all that content if you want to be a Forex Trader and then apply what I to share with you theight here you will be unstoppable you will be a force to be reckoned with and you're not even going to be able to accept the fact that you now have this visibility it's going to be years and you're going to be still looking at thinking man look what I can do look what I can see look at the visibility right now imagine going almost 30 years with that information behind your belt walking among everyone else that thinks they know what they're doing how these markets Book price laughing under your breath because they are thinking they things go up and down based on indicators or buying and selling pressure or vwap or all this Market profile garbage all of that stuff they're all lies that make you believe that you have an advantage in something that's random and they train you to believe that when you lose well it's just something you're going have to accept I don't accept that I don't accept that you're welcome to accept that you are welcome to use flawed logic have at it have at it trust in knowing that me and my students are going to appreciate the fact that you are on the other side of our trades and if that sounds condescending and narcissistic and arrogant so be it the lion never apologizes when it eats so hopefully you found this one insightful until I talk to you tomorrow Lord willing be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - Making Money With SMC Concepts Live Example
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqfB1v8aNIM
================================================================================

[No English subtitles available]


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - Making Money With SMC Concepts
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czSUBVHD9u8
================================================================================

hello folks all right so we're going to start a new lecture series here I don't want to really call it a mentorship uh but uh we're going to do some discussions and I'm going to talk about how if I were a new student of my own work and I had recently completed my 2024 mentorship that's on this YouTube channel for free and I was able to go through a lot of the core content that was produced in 2016 2017 through my page mentorship for anyone that is always asking can I join your private mentorship uh it's basically uploaded for free on my YouTube channel okay so um dig into it enjoy it and uh study it and take what works for you out of it not everything that I have ever taught is required to find consistently profitable trading uh as you'll see in this lecture series over to the next 20 videos which won't be very long their focus is primarily to illustrate how one might arrive at a model using the information that's been brought to light on this YouTube channel I want to kind of make it very simple I don't want to have every possible ICT concept you know that's available on the YouTube channel I kind of like want to focus on what was discussed primarily off of the 2024 mentorship content so for folks that went through it and it was your first exposure to Smart money Concepts or my life's work if you will uh that introduction will be a little bit Amplified but again even with this lecture series I will not exhaust every possible Concepts approach or application but I will hopefully provide you a example of the executable trading plan uh it will be employed with a live money account that's a regulated cftc regulated broker that means it's not Market Replay that means it's not demo it's not paper trading and you do have to pay taxes on the income that you make off of it so if we are to go into this with the intended goal that I have for it I want to cover basically five central tenants that anyone that goes through my content should try to consider as focal points okay there's a lots of different rabbit trails and things you can go down and study on a topical basis on this YouTube channel but for the folks that simply want to have something to go into their back testing and look for for them to go into a tape reading Endeavor where they watch price they don't push a button whether it be demo or live and then they forward test with a demo account or paper trading account and then eventually and some of you will come to the point at which you'll discover that you feel that you have arrived at consistency in your paper trading or demo trading and when you decide not when I decide for you not when anybody else should decide it for you it's something that you're going to come to your own decision and you're going to want to eventually move from paper trading or demo trading to a live funded your real money account when that happens happens I get lots of questions on how might that work for someone as a student I'm going to pantomime in the month of February how that might be done it is not a Panacea that means it's not the be all end all the only way it can be done it's just to provide an example okay so that way it gives a a real world realistic approach on how to transition from demo and paper trading to then slowly rolling out the implementation of live risk with real money okay now I know there's a lot of folks in my community that use prop accounts that means these companies that allow you to trade with demo accounts and then if you're correct with them and you do all the hop skip and jump through the things that they add into the mix as a as a Trader um these rules that they create for you that in my opinion are above and beyond what is what is necessary uh they complicate it in my opinion it's sold on the idea that it's to help you but it's really a handicap and very few people have the wherewith all to get through those rules so I'm not trying to counsel you to use prop accounts I am encouraging you to eventually if you decide to do this with real money use a small amount of money Okay now what's a small amount of money well that's kind of relative to who you're talking to a little bit of money for me may not be a little bit of money for you and a lot of money for me may not be a lot of money to some of you that are listening so it's all subjective to you know what it is that constitutes a large amount of money but if you look at the prop firm companies if you look at what they're allowing you to lose before the the account is shut down if you started a live account with say half of what they allow for for instance some larger known prop companies May afford you to lose a hypothetical $33,000 and then you are essentially blown out and you have to reset others are $11,000 some are, 1500 and it varies from company to company and whatever I guess plan or option you use to trade through my opinion is that if you're going to trade with live funds the very minimum the very very very minimum is $1,000 now when I say that that doesn't mean that you go out and try to trade larger than you should with a $1,000 account if you trade with a micro account which is what you're seeing this chart here upper left hand corner you can see it says micro e mini NASDAQ 100 that means the point fluctuation that means one point higher or lower represents a $2 profit or loss per contract now a mini contract one point fluctuation higher or lower is a multiple of $20 profit or loss depending upon on the direction of the position you're holding my advice is no one that ever transitions from paper trading into live account trading and or prop should ever go right into mini contracts ever because you're transitioning to a point at which now risk means something it doesn't mean as much when you're trading with a demo account it doesn't mean as much when you're tape reading or back testing that doesn't it doesn't cost you anything if you're wrong doesn't cost you anything in terms of Pride or ego and certainly doesn't cost you anything in terms of monetary loss so starting with the very minimum minimum that's available in terms of a Futures Trader you have to start with the smallest or least in terms of risk and that is not a disadvantage it is extremely advantageous for you to apply this approach going into live trading so there's five central tenants I want to cover and then we'll get into the nuts of this lecture because I don't want it to be too long so making money with smart money Concepts 101 okay the premise is this you're going to settle in on one market or one asset class okay and since I'm predominantly talking about initially but we're going to talk about Forex 2 in this 2025 lecture series but I have to start here because this is predominantly where I'm going to be focusing my actual trading the Futures Market since I like trading index Futures I have a choice I could trade the Dow futures I could trade the S&P and or the NASDAQ I prefer the NASDAQ because of its volatility it means it's a lot more wild when it moves and because of that it will afford me a lot of setups intraday okay now I could trade less than one minute I can trade one minute charts I can trade five minute charts a 15minute chart an hourly chart a daily chart a weekly chart but for the sake of using the information that was covered in 2024 and the core content I'm going to try to focus on one minute or higher and the idea is to teach how to go into trying to find a consistent incom driven model it is not a getrich it's not a win of robins cup it's not a you know competition model all those things can be tweaked and I'll talk about that before we close the the lecture series out I don't know what what point that will be but sometime before I end it this year I'll talk about how you can tweak that and make it so it's Olympic level but I don't want anyone to go into this with the expectation that you're going in there to try try to make the maximum amount of money you're not trying to be the the newest highest paid out ICT SMC but don't want to call yourself an ICT student record holder in terms of what you make in prop so it's meant to make your ends meet that means whatever bill that you have monthly that's a real world cost for you it might be a insurance premium it might be a car note premium it might be your rent or mortgage pay or a percentage of it you should sit down and figure out what that is that you're going to Target as your realistic goal it doesn't mean try to make all of your bill money because that's again trying to place an Olympic level expectation on yourself as a brand new Trader transitioning from demo into real money risk with live funds so you want to have very very soft roll out of what it is that you're targeting so by settling in on one market and I'll be using predominantly the NASDAQ futures contract I will we starting with a micro account or not account but employing the micro contract because I want you to see how even though that's a very small fluctuation in terms of monetary profit or loss it starts to build up quickly and that is unfortunately something that is overlooked by everyone because they all see people trading 30 contracts 15 contracts multiple contracts of the many and they see what the payouts can be if those are consistently done correctly but they don't understand the power of fear and greed while holding those positions and that's why you don't see most people that trade that big size they don't hold those positions very long because it wears them out emotionally and psychologically so I want to kind of show you how to hold on to very small positions and gradually transition to being comfortable holding and letting the concepts do all the work for you but you have to grow grow in your understanding where there's now real money risk and that can't be learned from a book you can't hear me talk about it you hear other people talk about it you have to experience it and so many of you that have tried to do this in the past or about to try to do it you're many times regretful for having done so because you're trying to do too large of risk holding too big of positions or trading too often Central tenant number two is knowing how price tends to deliver based and buy time that means by using an economic calendar and understanding time based delivery that means macros that means certain aspects of the daily range when do markets usually run when do markets usually consolidate when do they likely reverse you know those types of things and I covered a lot of that in this YouTube channel but I'm going to show you the things that I'm pantomiming that means I'm going through the pretending aspect of a new Trader using ICT Concepts so going through this with the approach of this is what I liked in 20124 content and I'm going to apply this as the things I observed in my back testing that resonated with me it does not mean that these are the things that you should adhere to or subscribe to this is why I'm in inviting you to go through the 2024 content you in in your own time at your own pace so that way you can subscribe to the things that mean much more to you the things that I'm going to adopt here it's not limited to this you could add more to it you can reduce it or replace some of the things but the things I'm focusing on is not the only smart money concept winning profile that's not the only model that is going to yield profitability that's not the only thing that I can do as a Trader I can employ everything I've ever taught and things I'm never going to teach you but for the sake of stripping it down to the Brass tax of this is what you should be looking for as a simplistic approach to building a model that you can carve out and trade with the confidence that you don't have to have anything else you don't have to subscribe to a signal service you don't have to buy somebody's mentorship you don't have to make payments to get into a Discord room you don't have to do any of those things all those things that everyone else is trying to rush to try to make money and not understand fully what it is they're doing because they're blindly following someone else I don't want you l l following me but I am going to share an approach on how you can build a smart money concept model using the 224 consent and then use a real account dillian Central tenant number three is understanding key pools of liquidity okay there it's a misnomer that you know obviously Common Sense tells you there's a sell stop and there's a buy stop so therefore the market should do this and do that but understanding these key pools of liquidity and how they're going to be engaged by price that means why it should draw there I'm going to give you some details that have never been taught and and why I observed these things hypothetically in back testing tape reading demo trading and then finally transitioning so it's that part of that pantomiming I'm showing you some of the things that I have had emails from students all around the world give me feedback about the things that they adopted and in those same emails they would say they were not interested in smt Divergence they would say I'm not interested in order blocks or I'm not interested in Fair Value gaps but I am interested in order blocks everybody has their own I guess adoption of the things that made sense to them in what I taught so there isn't just one way of doing it but I'm going to focus on the key pools of liquidity while building this model out Central tenant number four is identifying inefficiencies in price that means which ones really matter to me in this model so that way it kind of helps you filter out the ones that are going to be problematic for just the average person because everyone thinks that you know inefficiencies have always been traded by everybody in in in the marketplace and that's not true it's actually a relatively new thing and an observation in price action because if you look at the oldest texts I'm talking things that are 1980 19 70s books about trading you don't see any measure of attention placed on inefficiencies in price and you don't really see it in even the wof the Gan the uh you the old heads of technical analysis and number five finally is utilizing simple points of entry and low hanging fruit price objectives for targets and then simply wash rinse repeat over and over again doing the same thing so with those five central tenants now placed in your hands and they the central focus of this discussion I kind of like want to flesh that out and show you what that looks like over what took place today and kind of like give you a small little sampling of what it is and how the model that I'll be fleshing out over the next 19 videos they all won't be this long but I have to have the luxury of having a little bit of introduction so that way it kind of like builds the premise of what it is we're doing it frames the whole lecture series about what it is I'm focusing on so that way you know what it is I'm doing the model that I'm teaching Works in Forex the model I'm teaching Works in currency Futures it works in just about everything you can trade but I can't cosign crypto okay so just know that I'm not I'm not trying to sell the idea that you should apply it to that asset class but everything else Commodities the it all works there too okay but what we're looking at here is the micro e mini NASDAQ 100 index futures or said simply it's the NASDAQ micro contract meaning that every fluctuation in price is worth $2 Make It or Break It You coming out of your account so what I'm showing you here is the regular trading hours and I taught this in the 2024 content and it was mentioned also in my paid mentorship and actually mentioned it in lectures a long time ago on Internet relay chat in 1996 when I actually started teaching when I really wasn't prepared to be teaching uh but I taught a lot of things about regular trading hours which was Globex hours and such but we're looking at regular trading hours the difference between where we settled previous day and then where we open up at 9:30 that's what this is highlighting here the benefit of having that information it gives us the opening range Gap now I'm going to have very specific lectures on how I'm going to use the opening range Gap what sets up conditions to where it makes me interested in a trade whether bullish or bearish that's not going to be covered in this video but will be its own individual video I'm going to talk about the opening range which is the first 30 minutes of trading I don't care what anybody else says that's the only range the algorithm worries about okay then I'm going to teach you the first 60 minutes dealing range totally different and how to use that what that means and how it can help you understand the power three or the characteristics of a daily range how I'm going to employ that consistently going back in looking for the same things all the time if those rules are not met I'm not trading on that on that basis then I have to sit still that's why we have a model that's why we have to flesh out some kind of trading plan that we're going to stick to and adhere to and that way we will have measurable progress if we stick to rules that are based on Sound Logic then it goes without saying that it's reasonable to anticipate progress that's profitable it doesn't mean every trade is going to be a winning trade it doesn't mean that it's going to be you know a lot more wins than losing it just means that the net result should be profitable and in your first year that's what you should be aiming for it should not be to have a windfall profitable year and you'll never hear any one that's being paid as a mentor or teaching or selling books and courses they're never going to tell you that because they want you sold on the idea that as long as you listen to what they're saying or what they're teaching or what they're selling basically is that you're going to get rich or make lots of money and I can't make that promise for you and I'm certainly not doing it in here okay so you're going to see losing trades you're going to see me lose trades because I'm going to use rules and I'm going to place myself in situations like a new student that transitions from paper trading into live trading you'll see it you're going to see it in a broker statement you're going to see the EV and flow of equity rising and falling and you're going to see the benefits of using a micro contract initially because imagine you yourself you know yourself you're probably impatient you're in a rush to go out there and start making money don't you think that you a little unsettled scared if the first trade you put on was a losing trade you'd have a lot of regrets right right a lot of remorse and you would have wished you would have started on a smaller contract basis instead of doing two or three minis because your prop firm or your account allowed you to do it I'm trying to give you a real practical approach on how I believe that a student that makes their decision to do this I'm not suggesting all of you should do it a lot of this should never be done by any of you because you're not prepared eventually when you are prepared and you've proven to yourself by consistently yielding results following a model most of you probably don't even stick to the same model so I'm going to I'm going to show you how by doing that it gives you confidence that you don't have to worry about what ICT or somebody else on the internet's doing because their results my results are not something that you can benefit from you can't spend the money and you don't have to sleep on the losses that we take either so you have to have that experience in your own hands so by having regular trading hours it benefits Us by knowing where if there is a opening range Gap and by knowing where we settled the previous day that's the benefit in it so I want you to see that for today we had Market trade higher here and we had this large gap that has traded since 9:30 this morning so that opening price there and the settlement price there that difference is the opening range Gap now I'm going to show you also by dropping into a one minute chart we're going to scrub back here and you want to do your measurements on the opening range Gap with the one minute chart in regular trading hours so having the open and close on this here is the same price essentially and this is the beginning points of making money with smart money Concepts you have to have a frame of reference you have to know where where do you start well if you're day trading and you're trading index Futures this is where you start is there a Gap we can see that the Market opens up at 9:30 we now have what is described by me as the opening range Gap it's the regular trading hours difference between today's opening and previous days regular trading hours close that's all it's doing now when we do that if the Gap is larger then say 20 handles you can start running your FIB across it and I'll let you see my settings I I get asked that a lot un toggle this for now these are the settings so this is the lower quadrant upper quadrant Midway point or consequent encroachment and then you can highlight zero and one which is going to give you basically the same levels that I've already highlighted here with those black lines so it would look like that okay so we have a premium gap opening and I'm not interested in trading long on that when it's such a large gap opening like that so I'm going to let it trade higher I want to see where it could likely trade to okay remember we have to know how prices likely to deliver and by time and we know it's non-farm payroll week so we want to be trading on Monday but we have a large gap like this we have a tendency to do what keep going in the direction of the Gap but eventually in the afternoon between 10:00 and 11 o'cl we could see a a change or a shift in Market structure as we enter into that lunch hour and then we could anticip ipate a move back into that Gap being the separation between previous day settlement and the opening price so the upper quadrant that's a very important level I think that that is a high probability draw on liquidity if the market eventually can show me that it wants to trade lower so by knowing where the market May likely draw to before it can reverse and trade lower those those are important factors in what it is I'm trying to ascertain in price action so I sit on my hands I'm not interested I'm not interested in trading this long but I'm also not trying to pick the top either I want to see how the market can produce a turn lower I don't need to pick the top in that and I want to see the market provide a time-based delivery that's a macro and I'll talk about macros in this lecture series and how I'm going to employ them with this model it is not the again it's not the Panacea it's not the be all endall with macros this is how I arrived at a model using them you can make lots of different models I could make a model every single day using the macros 365 days and they would never be the same model okay it it provides you such a wonderful tapestry of applying this information on an individual unique basis nobody's trading model is going to be the same and it doesn't mean that you can't be profitable all of you can be profitable with the with a different model using what I've already taught in smart money Concepts so since we have the opening range Gap here defined and we have all the gradient levels here um obviously moving half gap which would be much more significant of a move uh I don't require that what's the highest probability direction that it's likely to trade to go below this low because that's the lowest low of the day at the new start of regular trading hours that means 9:30 today and then the next quadrant is here so 21672 even to me is high probability it means it's likely to draw to this low and as much as that level here and it could trade down to half but I'm not going to require that so what's lwh hanging fruit objective eventually trading down here what's high probability draw the upper quadrant using the opening range Gap and I'll talk more about it in its own individual video but for here it's accomplished the method so now what we're going to do is we're going to go up to a 60-minute chart and I want you to look at how we have the data that's shown here this is the opening range gap on the 60-minute chart again regular trading hours if you look at over here we have this drop from high down to that low this is a lot of gaps in here so I'm going to remove all that mess and noise and go into electronic trading hours and we're going to clean up that range so now I can go and look at this same thing here so we have this high and this low so this was the old range okay or old dealing range if I note this like this and this low here when the market broke below this low here there the market was bearish now obviously I know there's going to be some you know very cynical people that I'm never going to see the comment from they're going to say it's obvious it's hindsight but you have to do this stuff in back testing studying it get the information see it get used to seeing the pattern get used to seeing the order flow and then how the market runs for liquidity but we can see how was bearish here and the market creates a low lower low lower low and finally does in fact trade below that low here so what was resting below that low it's sell side so because we are not demanding that the market created a low or long-term or IMM term low here to trade back Above This High we don't need to have that high broken so all I need to know is where is premium where's discount relative to now this High and the this low why am I referring to those two reference points now because this range was tacked and traded outside of by these two lows here and it's reasonable see the price want to come back up take out this high with is this High form low I lower low that takes liquidity that's a high probability ICT smart money concept breaker it's a bullish breaker and you can see that's occurring right there trades higher and all of these buy side liquidity pools here here here and then this one here has the added benefit of what to the left of it an inefficiency in the form of a sell side and balance buyid an efficiency so we can take this little area here and zoom in right there so it's this candle this candle and this candle so if we highlight that this price and we'll we'll make it um like that that ways a little bit so we have this closing price to this opening price this closing price is slightly higher than that one that's why I'm using it because this is a small little tiny volume balance if you look at the closing price which I don't show here let me add them now I apologize the closing price here is 2,695 75 and the opening price here is 21694 .75 so there's a difference of one handle but that's enough to create a volume in Balance so that's why we're using this opening price and not the wick okay so otherwise if these two if this closing price was overlapping where this price opened or Candlestick opened there wouldn't be a volume in Balance so because there is one there is a volume in Balance we have to use this candlestick's opening otherwise if this was lower than this candles opening it would be resting on this candles Wick High same thing here this candlestick's closing price comes in at 21894 even you see that here and this candlestick's open is what 21893 75 so it's one quarter of a point okay or one tick so there's a separation there so we have to Anchor the cell center balance B def efficiencies U labeling or overlay with the rectangle um tool on this Candlestick closing price if this candlestick's closing price was lower than this candlestick's open we would simply use this candlestick's low on the wick so that way now you understand how I'm going to use that information when I'm looking at sies and buyid balance cell efficiencies bues all of my inefficiencies are defined like that okay by doing this you're going to get the algorithmic Precision of where consequent encroachment is and you'll see what I mean in a moment so I'm going to take this and highlight the extend to right and that way when we draw back out to this perspective everything will be clear so now we have several things in in reference now we have this inefficiency here that is inside of a premium how do I know that well we have this range low and this Range High so the market has traded between this Range High down to this low this level here defines equilibrium and anything at that price or higher is a premium that means it's expensive it's a target for when you're bullish or it's a place at which you want to use the sell short at at this price or lower it's discount that means it's a target for anything that's short or it's a place to go long when you're want to be bullish well since the market has worked off a bullish breaker here it trades up I'm not interested in going long here why because we have a large opening range Gap at 930 opening so I don't want to be in this market doing anything long because I want to see how it's going to trade to this inefficiency here so we have the upper quadrant which is right around what optimal trade inury would be remember the old Flagship idea that I taught on this YouTube channel so the market trades up hits that and then it starts to roll over and then when I I want to see is does the market in fact attack after 9:30 is opening does it attack that upper quadrant that's level here which is part of the opening range Gap so now with this frame of reference we know that the market did in fact trade up into a premium we completely overlap this sell side and balance by side and efficiency so efficient delivery's been given this one single candle down what's it lacking overlapping price delivery that's on the upside in other words buy side is offered to the marketplace that means a candle or candles plural has overlapped this entire range that's highlighted in pink we see that happening here see that and then we have a small little Wick outside of it and then we break lower and then then it does in fact trade to the upper quadrant it does not trade to the consequent encroachment or middle of the opening range gap which again is defined by these two black lines here so now we're going to drop into a one minute chart and flesh this out and you look at what we've seen today initially at 9:30 we see the market well at 916 it Dives down and does in fact trade to the upper quadrant of the opening range Gap level but we don't know what that level is the upper quadrant yet because we have to have first the opening bell at 9:30 so that means at this Candlestick right here at 9:30 you can see that that opening price is what's it's laying on top of so that's your opening price at 930 right there okay so this upper quadrant level is not Salient at this moment here it's just so happens that it does in fact trade down in there look at the bodies respecting that level as well so I think that's a little algorithmic but that's outside the scope of this discussion at this point here at 9:30 then we do actually do have the opening range Gap defined by that opening price down to the previous day's settlement price and then we have the lower quadrant consequent encroachment and the upper quadrant level and then the opening price at 930 so this is in in its entirety the opening range Gap so as I defined earlier I'm only interested because he has such a large opening Gap it's several hundred handles that means it could potentially keep trading higher in that direction so you got to be real careful it's too big of a gap so I'm going to elect to not do anything by going long and chasing the direction of the Gap and I'm also not looking to sell short initially just to see it go down to the opening range Gap and trade into the opening Port portion of it I have to defer that interest until later on what constitutes that that means it we have to wait for it to trade up into that 60 Minute inbalance so it does in fact trade up into it there look at the bodies respecting it this is a one minute chart that small little deviation outside of that Cy and we spend some time here at the high end of it and we start to roll over and you can see how trading into the lunch hour we're getting a little bit of a retracement notice the halfway point this is consequent consequent encroachment of this pink shaded 1 hour inefficiency it's in a premium relative to the large 1H hour range and now we're starting to work that level here that's that midpoint of this pink shaded area and they work through lunch like this and then at 1:30 we start looking for the PM session trade now I have the market trading to the low end of that 1 hour Cy that's that pink shaded area here so I've already seen it trade down below the midpoint and then it traded back up to it and look at the bodies respecting it so so is it indicating at that time that the market is wanting to explore anything higher no and at 130 we're now entering algorithmically the PM session or the afternoon trading so what do we have at this point we have the market trading up to and completing the full delivery to that 60-minute sells side and balance by an efficiency then we want to watch and see does the market does it move lower it does does it breach the midpoint of that inefficiency it does once it does that does it show a willingness these are all algorithmic signatures these are these are indications that the algorithm that's offering price it's not the buying and selling pressure that the algorithm is offering the signatures proving okay like flashing a neon sign like a billboard sign on a highway that this thing is going to go lower don't anticipate anything in the upper range of this now because it's already been fulfilled by this run here and look how much time it's spent up there so now at 1:30 the gears have now changed to now looking for the market to move lower and now I have a trade stage where I can now engage price action but I don't want it to Simply go into it willy-nilly that means I want to go in with something that's algorithmically timed by a macro I want to Target liquidity I want to have a very simple entry strategy and and I want to know where it's likely to draw to and then afford myself the opportunity to catch a runner if it wants to trade down to the midpoint of the gap or consequent encouragment which is that blue line here so I want to frame an idea around all those things so let's take a look at that now right so here we have the market trained in on the 250 to 310 macro time we're trading near the low of that 6 60 Minute Cy and here's that upper quadrant level on the opening range Gap and if I scrunch this up a little bit more you'll see that the 50% level of the opening range Gap is down here so that is a wild card I don't know you don't know no one knows if it's going to trade down there but we do have a high degree of probability that it's likely to draw to the upper quadrant level so that's what I'm focusing on in the trade idea this Candlestick we opened lower here the very next one minute candle I want to be short so when it opens I want to use that open and anything that trades back into this candlestick's body or Wick so you can look at the low of that Candlestick there it's at 2,710 and by using that as a immediate rebalance this next candle here we open we trade up a little bit the high of that candle comes in at 12.50 and I I only had basically 1 25 separation between the two there was literally no draw down at all from the entry though it trades up to it hits the uh immediate rebalance and then delivers lower so I have immediate feedback that I'm I'm on side I'm targeting this level down here but I don't want to just simply take profits as it hits that level I want to try to get to that level and lower because I might get lucky and see it trade to half the opening range Gap so I want to trade with this and watch how it delivers and to move away from this 60-minute C's low which it does aggressively here we have a little bit of retracement back and forth in here and finally we have a little bit of on this Candlestick when it was breaking lower I thought that we were going to have a a pretty good chance of getting to that consequent encroachment of the opening range Gap so what I did was I rolled the stop to 21,6 66.5 and you can see that it does in fact hit that it was based on being in the upper portion of this body so I felt if it did that it probably would have rounded this low out and then move back up into this area and maybe trade back up into the 60-minute civvy and in fact that's what you see here so there's the entry I'm sorry the exit being stopped out and here's the entry point there using the immediate rebounds okay so those were Concepts that were taught in 2024 also they were taught in core content so it's all throughout this YouTube channel no you don't find that in W off or game or anything else so if and I had to toss that down you couldn't go without saying it could you no I can't I'm sorry that's just the truth okay so the difference is that there is about 50 handles or so between the entry point here and down there now it's done with one contract notice that it's done with a micro now when you first start trading you might not look at this and think wow that's that's not a lot of money but what this does is it gives you the confidence that you can number one see the price action deliver you have some measure of precision you don't need it to be perfect you don't need to be surgical but you have something that is lending well to the discovery of what you've seen on this YouTube channel and then put it into practice and you can make a model out of it and then we get into the last trading hour of the day in regular trading hours which is 3:00 this thing could do what it could start to draw back up into the range and as exactly what it did so watching from that point on here you can see that it does in fact trade higher and moves in consolidation and eventually trades up into higher portions of that civy and then back down and outside of it once more hitting that upper quadrant of the opening range Gap level one more time look at the reaction off of that you don't think that's algorithmic price comes right back up trades into the settlement at 414 again in the upper portion right here almost back to consequent encouragement of that c on the 60-minute chart so knowing when to trade the morning session versus knowing when to trade the PM session when there's a very very large gap opening I'm not terribly excited about that I I kind of like want to sit and wait and then if I know it's likely to draw into that opening range Gap and there's times where based on what the market does in the morning session the first 60 Minutes of trading which I'll have a video entirely about that it'll give me insights about whether I sit on my hands and do nothing or I wait for a reversal and then I play after the reversal is done proven itself and and kind of tips its hand I don't want to kind of convey the idea that you should be in here trying to capture the highs and lows and back and forth up down you know that's what the 33 years of experience Michael can do um in the beginning you're not going to have that level of experience so it's not reasonable or practical for me to try of inspire you to do that if I'm teaching you and I'm telling you you shouldn't try to do that initially and then you shouldn't either because you're acting on infancy in terms of experience and that's not meant to be derogatory or talk down to you it just means that we're talking practical and if we're going to transition from demo trading and back testing and tape reading and all that to now we're dealing with real risk and if you haven't noticed yes that's a amp Live account right there and this is actually a a trade that my son and I worked with and I walked in through it and this is what it looks like he pushed the button clearly but it was based on the logic that I shared with him so that way you understand the the mechanics of what's here so again Live account live execution real world trade trade with real risk and going back to it you might ask yourself you know what would a trade like that require in terms of a stop loss and I don't want Caleb to have more risk than what 15 handles on this with a micro so what does that translate in terms of monetary risk it's only $30 so let me ask you a question if you were willing to risk $30 but you could make $90 or more is that a reasonable risk to reward 3 to one you're risking $1 to make $3 so you can you can be wrong a couple times in a series of Trades and still be net profitable on the week the month or the year if you can model that eventually you want to try to do things that allow for a five to one or more but you're going to need a little bit more insight and more execution and experience before you can do those types of things so yeah I could start with one to one but I know that that's going to invite a whole lot more trading ideas for some of you that are going to try to mimic and Par what it is I'm doing in this model and I'm not trying to inspire you to copy me so that's why none of the trades are going to be a live stream type thing because I don't want you to hurt yourself I'm not infallible you know I have a very large audience and it is basically inviting you know more liquidity to pull around a specific price level and it's very simple to reprice to that and not show any real benefit of following that idea cuz if everybody's dog piling in on the same absolute price level if I'm live streaming and for the people that don't know how to trade or don't know how the Market's actually Book price uh this doesn't sound normal to them it sounds like an excuse but again you're seeing broker statements you're seeing a live account down here these are all things that you can't fake okay um it's actually U something that I want you to appreciate because I don't have to do these things like I I could just sail off into the sunset and be done I mean I really can but to show you you how the actual transition should be done from back testing to logging to forward testing and demo trading and then finally making the decision to move from those risk-free environments to now allowing and affording yourself actual risk but then also managing that risk appropriately so that way you're not trying to do much more than uh that's required so basically getting in with a entry point at 71.2 your stop loss would be 71262 so that is a 15 handle stop so that is up here right there okay so you can see it didn't even have any interest in getting out to that point okay does that mean every trade's going to be a 15 handle stop no it might be smaller but because of the nature of today we had the um election certification today we had you know all the other things that's going on so it's just reasonable it was practical for me to suggest the Kayla that he uses a 15 handle stop loss here and then to target that upper quadrant of the opening range Gap and then see if he can trade lower he could have had an exit down here that would have been much more favorable but we discussed it and he agreed that let's just see if it can trade down into that consequent encouragement if it stops him out it doesn't matter it's still about 50 handles or so and that is a really good return it's it's a really good return for the r that was implemented and if you can try to Target trades where you're risking 3:1 or 4:1 or 5 to1 or higher um you're not going to get as many trades as you could if you were trading 10 for 10 you can do that all day long when you know what you're doing but again this lecture series is based on the the new student transitioning to live funds how might that occur and it's not an instruction manual for you to copy this I'm not telling I'm not telling you to do this and you're going to make money I'm showing you as an example nothing more just simply an example of how it could be done and how using the ideas that were taught in 24 that that mentorship I gave you a lot of wonderful practical algorithmic truths to what price does and why it does it and again another example here with a live account it's not Market replay it's not demo okay there's real money at risk here albeit in this example it's not much money at risk but it's still money that you know if Caleb would have lost he would have felt it you he would have said you know it's not fun but when you have winds that are measurable based on the logic that sound it repeats more than it doesn't it means there is an edge there and it's based on time based delivery and price that's not white cof that is not Gan that is not anything else it's simply what the market simply does because it's scripted and by waiting for these signatures to manifest itself in price action we can trust that the edge is now shifted potentially not guaranteed in our favor and if we follow rule-based ideas and we manage risk impeccably we stand a good chance not an absolute Panacea be all Indo profitability it just means that we have a good chance that if we manage it appropriately we can potentially yield a positive or profitable outcome but because we're not risking a whole lot we can weather the storm of a loss a series of losing trades and work our way out of that and hopefully you'll see examples of that with real broker accounts and statements and things like that so hopefully you found this one insightful hope it was inspiring to you and I hope you stick with this lecture series it's again 19 more lectures this month they'll be complete by the the last Friday of January and only delivered on Monday through Friday on the weekends there's no lectures there's no videos okay until I'll talk to you tomorrow evening at 800 PM eastern time be safe


================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2025 Lecture Series
VIDEO: 2025 Lecture Series - Housekeeping
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wt3xy34bNk
================================================================================

happy New Year folks so I want to start this 2025 lecture series with a little bit of housekeeping see these are the things that you are not entitled to see uh anyone that trades and shows their uh their skill online unless they're offering a signal service which I don't do you're not entitled to have this information okay and when people ask show me this show me that show me this um you know that's something that you're not entitled to see but just to be a good sport uh we were supposed to see a lot of stuff happen in 2024 and uh it didn't happen did it so as a consolation prize I'm going to show you in 2025 what you can do with what I taught in this YouTube channel and I'm showing you actual broker statements uh Market replay never offers this and they don't send you broker statements for a demo account okay so I want you to understand that this brokage firm I'm not ing them I'm not suggesting that you open up an account with them but I do enjoy the service they offer me um I haven't had any real major issues with them and their commission costs and fees are pretty reasonable it costs $10 for One Mini contract to be cleared with NFA fees and whatnot so everything that you would expect to pay for round turn commission whatnot it's 10 bucks per contract and you can see the running tally at the bottom and I'm not going to go through every single one of these things but I'm going to show you how I'm going to break down the content of what I taught in 2024 so if you have not watched the 2024 mentorship videos uh this is an opportunity for you to go through that in the month of January uh my actual trading doesn't really kick off until around the second week of February and the the teachings really aren't going to be teachings in the sense that I'm redoing the 2024 mentorship but what I am doing as you can see I'm not trading every single day so take a look at those dates I'm scrolling through this so you can see it and unfortunately because this broker has a huge um issue with sharing broker statements online which you know I can respect that I do have to block out a lot of things but the things that are pertinent like how many any contracts I've traded you can look at the commission cost and just divide it by $10 and it'll give you how many times I traded to get the numbers that I'm showing but you can also see I'm not trading a lot okay the dates are what they are here and I want you to think about how in 2025 all the content that I taught how would ICT me Michael um how would I use that information if I want to sit down and create a model just to start trading and work with income only not trying to be competitions not trying to be you know the big head honcho on the Block but just to make money and I want you to think about how you could change the way you've been doing things and start focusing on just trying to be in your own little bubble you're not trying to impress anybody else you're not trying to show your broker statements online because when you do that type of stuff it it creates a competitive mindset and you're competing with yourself and I'm I'm of the opinion that there's no other competition out there so I'm completely content with a lot of you not liking the fact that I'm not willing to do what most of you want me to do but I think if you watch the numbers here I think you'll be pleasantly surprised but with that said I want you to think about how this is not a promise that what I taught on my YouTube channel is going to make you money it doesn't mean that you're going to be able to be Flawless in your trading it doesn't mean that you're not going to have losing trades it doesn't mean that you won't blow your account just means that this is how I would use the information that I produced and shared for free on my YouTube channel 2024 if I was a brand new student and I did due diligence of going through the 24 content how would I sit down and flesh out a model using that information and I'm going to share my own opinion on how I would use the resources that I made available to you in 2024 and I'm going to go through every single component during the month of January and how I'm going to implement those individual components so that way you'll see how this jigsaw puzzle fits together which in my opinion is a better way of Simply outlining my trading model now this is not my trading model that I've always been using but what you're seeing here is the results of the very thing that I'm going to outline during this month and I'll be implementing it again throughout the entirety of 2025 the focus is not to make millions and millions of dollars it's to show you how you can start with a very gradual low expectation in the beginning of the year year and just start carving out a really nice return each month let it grow a little bit you're not trying to you go crazy with it but you're trying to grow into a Trader that can consistently take money out of the marketplace that should be your goal it should not be you're trying to get the biggest wins it should be am I able to make my ends meet and I worked diligently this year trying to make sure that I was able to teach my kids how to focus on building income not get rich but build income and I think that around $50 to $60,000 a year is a pretty respectable amount of money for your first year and if anyone wants to argue with that you know I'm not interested so you probably noticed that the comment section's turned off because I don't want to hear your opinions I'm not on X anymore uh my account sits there in iidle but I'm not going to be looking at people's opinions because these are people that don't know what I do they don't know anything about me and they only know what I show and the Showmanship stuff ends on this video ICT is done and then now you're just going to have Michael okay so there's going to be a whole lot of grand standing in in Tom fullery in 2025 it's just the nuts and bolts and here it is but I wanted to walk through and show you with a real regulated broker this is real money okay and commissions are being paid how can this information be used in a setting that's not demo that's not paper trading okay and it's real money and by running up an account with the mindset that you're not trying to get rich but you are trying to carve out an income consistently you're not trying to expand and pyramid and go crazy just going in there and taking out surgical strikes that make sense winning and moving to the sidelines and being content you're not trying to be the best Trader in the world and so many of you want to do that because most of you are male okay so instead of trying to be the Apex Trader the the the top of the Heap Trader let's just focus on 2025 on being consistently profitable and if that means you only make $5,000 at the end of the year guess what that's $5,000 that you didn't have at the beginning of the year and that's what I want to Foster in terms of a mindset so I think if you pay attention to the numbers here they'll add up very handsomely
