================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: NFP Review & New Student Encouragement
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Qag-99u_BM
================================================================================

Hello folks, welcome back. Happy Saturday to you. All right, so we're looking at the NASDAQ here and this is going to be a short little review on Friday's nonfarm payroll. The right hand side chart over here, this candlestick represents one full week or what was last week high and low where we opened and where we settled and closed for the week. Now, I teach a concept called TGIF. Thank God it's Friday. So, I want you to take a look at the fib from this low up to the high and we're going to add the 30% and the 20% level. Okay? [clears throat] So what I teach is when we have a week that has a lot of range or if it has a one directional movement like for instance like this or like this it tends to create a retracement of 20 to 30%. Now, it can form early as 100 p.m. on Thursday or towards the latter stages of Friday's trading. So, there really isn't a uh very specific time. It relies on you knowing what the market should do directionally that would agree with that level of retracement. So, we have this annotated here like that. And I want you to take a note of the 20% level. 29,549 even and then 29,471.25. So we have those two levels there. We have 20% of the weekly range and we have 30% of the weekly range. Now, when I drop down into lower time frames over here, we'll take all of the lipstick and add it right on to the charts again. All right. And then we have non-farm payroll here. Notice that the wicks at 8:30, it rallied higher than that short-term high, but it did not create a candlestick with a body above this high. Notice that. So, these wicks fall just short of that old high here. So 8:30 we drop down we come down into new week opening gap and also consolidating around running right back up into Friday August 28th first presented fair value gap then trading up into 9:30 we have the first fair value gap formed post 9:30 Eastern time That's this one here. And we rally up and look what's happening here. It rallies up and it fails to take out the highs of these wicks. Notice that. Now, I teach a conceptual idea that a run on liquidity or run into an old higher low doesn't necessarily need to take out the wicks. If we see the bodies here, they're significantly higher than that of this candlestick's close. Now, knowing this, and I've taught this in the past, so you know about it, because it's non-farm payroll Friday, because it was going into a long weekend, Labor Day weekend, I didn't trust shorting up here. I didn't trust taking that inversion fair value gap here. I didn't trust taking this immediate rebalance here. I didn't trust using this inversion fair value gap here. I didn't want to get caught in a potential run real quick run up there and take that out. Now, if it was not a non-farm payroll day, I would have absolutely shorted on this inversion fair gap. this immediate rebalance I would have pyramided on and I would have added more in this SP bounce on sign efficiency that would later become an inversion fair value gap over here. So I would have had an entry pyramided pyramided. Okay, I think I've earned the right to be able to talk like that. Uh I think we're all mature now. We can see that, you know, I I don't get to have my way on non-farm payroll Thursday and Friday. I just simply abstain from trading those days because it creates a great deal of difficulty that's not necessary. But to push the envelope, [laughter] you don't really trade. You're afraid of non-farm payroll Friday. ICT says don't trade on Mondays and don't trade on Fridays. That's a running joke with the the naysayers. Uh I took it upon myself to use my model and my models based on a few factors. But once we came down and took out this low, I trusted this as a market maker sell model that would not come up here and take out that buy side at 29,704.50. Now, that's not weakness. That's knowing what I want to see and what I'm waiting for. That's my model. Now, I could have been all over this shorting it and had, you know, significantly larger example of uh profit, but that's not that's not important. The importance is if I'm going to educate you to respect the measure of risk on non far payroll Friday then I should do those types of things that warrant that instruction guidance suggestion that type of uh idea needs to be perpetuated and and basically employed by me. So when this low was taken out, a great deal of conviction was placed on me that I felt that okay, now we're we're trading back inside of the regular trading hours opening range gap. And that's 9:30's opening price here where we traded and settled on the previous day at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time for Thursday. that price here at I got to bring it up a little bit here 29,521.25 25. That's the settlement price for regular trading hours on Thursday. And this is where we started regular trading hours. Again, when you see all this data here, this is electronic trading hours. So, it's this. This is what I'm referring to here. Watch. Regular trading hours. We settled at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time Thursday. Then we opened at 9:30 Friday. Right there. So the difference between that price and the closing price here, that's your gap. That's your opening range gap. Okay. So we'll make it a a very disgusting yellow. [laughter] That way you can't miss it, folks. Right? See? So from this opening price at 9:30 down to that level here, that's the gap. Okay. So when we traded back below that low on that candlestick there, I felt reasonably confident that we would look for a run up into 9:30 opening price, which is the high of the regular trading hours, opening range gap, and move lower and take out consequent encroachment, which is the middle of 9:30's opening price, and Thursday's 4:14 p.m. Eastern times closing price which is the encapsulation of ending previous days regular trading hours and then beginning the new session of regular trading hours on Friday. So basically what I'm saying is it was inside of the gap. So it would use this as a premium array. So there would be premium sensitivity sell off and try to get down into what I wanted to see was it get down into Thursday's first percent of fair value gap and then if it could get down into 30% of the weekly range. Okay. Uh the recording I did of the execution where we were shorting up in here, I said during the recording the last few minutes ago, I said this is kind of like the last line of saying if where I was at wanting to see it get to it or stop me out, I I just said it it's not likely to to pan out. Uh I closed it manually and it prevented myself from getting stopped out and it would have been stopped in the black. That means not a loss. Then eventually did go lower after the recording was finished later in the afternoon went lower and down to the low of Thursday's first percent gap from August 27th and then 30% remember I told you there's levels here 20% of the weekly range 29,549 even it got to that handsomely here and here it did it on the non-firerial number Then later in the day, it trades right back up to some random level. Friday, August 28th, first of everybody got folks. Listen, I understand you guys like those little bubbles, okay? You like bubbles on your chart. You like all those types of things. Listen, okay, [laughter] there's a lot of bubbles on those types of uh heat maps, liquidity maps, you know, blues clues maps, door explorer maps, you know, every everything out there can have a a rhyme or reason if you if you want to put faith into it, make it into a religion. Okay, I teach you very specific PDAs, very specific ones, and it's very, very hard to deny when you see these types of retracements, which is the lunch macro. What did what did the market do here? We traded lower down into 11:30. What is 11:30? That's the time when the lunch macro, if it's delayed, that's when it's going to start. That's the latest time you want to anticipate expecting it to pull back into the range that was created. What are you looking for? Go back inside of the 10:00 hour. Okay? Go back in the 10:00 hour. That would be like this, folks. Look, here's 10:00 right there. And we'll go to 11. All right. Watch. Watch how simple this is. You complicate this ICT. You make it so hard. [laughter] No, I don't. You're just not willing to sit down and study. So, we're going to create a big blue box here. Okay. All right. See that? Now, at 10:00, closing into 11:00 right there. that little transition from the 10:00 hour to now 11:00. Okay? Right here. Right there. What you want to do is see that time at 11 and go to the left until you get to a high. The very first high you come to in the 10:00 hour. What is that right there? Just so happens to be where my short was taken. You'll see it right here. Look at that. See that? And there's the cover. And that's where I closed manually. And I would have been stopped out because my stop loss was just a little bit up here. And it would have hit it. And then it went down to lower targets and eventually got down to the 30% of the weekly range, which is TGIF. Okay. This high is the lunch macro and it pulls right up into wouldn't you know it last Friday's first present bag. Now if you want to think like bubbles, [laughter] it's hard to say this with a straight face. If you want to if you want to think like bubbles, okay, where the market's going to go and run to these very specific things, okay, in terms of price, if you use Mondays and Fridays first representative of fair value gaps, the last previous two weeks, okay, you're going to find that the market many times creates significant intraday or daily highs. And many times it can create a monthly high, it can create a weekly high. It's very significant. Now, I don't want you to take my word for it. I want you to keep record of what I've been teaching you this week and how this chart looks. Yes, it's very busy. It's very busy. But how you manage it is up to you. If you just want to do one layout in your charting platform that just simply tracks first presented fair gaps, not a problem. Very easy. If you want one that just does new week opening gaps, great. Perfect. You want one separate that does new day opening gaps, great, perfect. Greater trading hours, opening range, gaps. Sure. Perfect. It's how you want to manage the information. If you can work with a chart that has this many things on it, like I've shown here, then it's not hard to navigate. But I want you to think about something. Okay? I really want you to think about it. using the regular trading hours opening range gap here and then trading down into a target that got filled rather handsomely which was taking out that low by the way and that low formed randomly in Thursday's new day opening gap. That's what this little orange box is right here. See that? Now, you hear a lot of things said about me, my concepts, what does and doesn't work, what's mine, what's not mine, but I want you to scour through the internet of all types of disciplines, and I want you to figure out how anybody else's stuff would have told you the low delivered on non-farm payrolls price run to the tick. Okay? Then I want you to think about how price used the gap here and drew down into that liquidity and eventually went down to Thursday's first presented fair gap. See that? What do I teach you about order flow? If it's bullish, it's going to stay in the upper half of the PD, right? Or inefficiency. What's the body still doing? They're in the upper half, right? Wonderful. What time is it? 11:30 a.m. Eastern time. Lunch macro. Pull back in to the first. Go to the left. First high you come to inside the 10:00 hour. Right there. [clears throat] Right there, dog. And it pulls up into wouldn't you know it, Friday. Remember, I had these levels on my chart before it booked. I shared them. I told you what to look for, how to build your chart, and you guys still think that I'm somehow winging it, somehow cherry-picking, somehow just making it up as I go along, right? But it's the logic that keeps repeating over and over and over again. It's fun, isn't it? It's fun seeing it where the science, the technical science, okay, the engineering behind it all when the curtains pulled back and you can start seeing there is no randomness to the marketplace. There's no randomness. It's going to these very specific things that I call my PD arrays. The language in which I had to create to come up with this stuff wasn't easy. It was a lot of hard work. It was a lot of focus. It was a lot of decision-m on my part. I had to come up with some really creative names. That way, I can get under the skin of people that think they know something when they don't. [snorts] But it needs to be cute enough or cool enough to make you remember what they are. So, that's what we get here. Okay. So, look at the bodies in here. It's not coming all the way to the high. It's respecting that midpoint there. And then we drop down, trades all the way back down to 30% of the weekly range. Find the 30% of the weekly range retracement on a Friday, Thursday, 1 p.m. into Friday. It's going to retrace 20 and 30%. How often do you see it happening? I tweeted it in advance, folks. before non-farm payroll, before the 9:30 opening. I just simply made a tweet Friday morning early. T period I no T G I F. Thank God it's Friday. Now students know what that means. Other people might think, well, he's trying to virtue signal he's a Christian. No, that's not what that was. It was a very specific I have a video teaching it. Look on my YouTube channel. TGF TGIF. Very simple little lecture. It's very simple. But think about the turning points in this market. How it's stopping and turning at very critical points of reference that I gave you. Every week I work with these types of information, these very specific data points. I look for these key points of information and I watch how time has a great deal of influence over when and how it gets to them. When you blend the context together, as I did for instance here at 11:30, you know that that's the ending the last line for the lunch macro is going to start. Now, if it hasn't already started, and you can see we weren't retracing higher 11:30 there, we just kept breaking lower, lower, lower, lower, and it didn't get into the targets cuz I said I wanted to see 30% of the weekly range. But here at 11:30, it's got to start following its script. I know it's hard for you to swallow that. It's hard for you to believe that these markets are that rigged. It's hard for you to believe that they're running on code. You want to believe it's buying and selling pressure because it helps you sleep at night. It helps you believe that nobody has an advantage. Everybody has the equal uncertainty. And whoever survives, it's a matter of luck. The random walk forward in price action and trading. That's what you want to believe. Well, you're welcome to believe that. In fact, there's a lot of people out there in the world. The majority people believe that. And who am I to try to twist your arm? I'm not trying to convince you anymore. I'm not trying to convince you anymore. People can say whatever they want to say, but you'll never find what I'm teaching here in anything else. Come on, man.$5 [laughter] million US. And none of you can do it. And I'm not talking about put a comment out there saying it's supply and demand zones. Order blocks are that. That's not what that is. You'll never see the logic I teach with an order block inside a supply and demand. It's not there. Just because I draw a rectangle in the box in a chart doesn't mean that that's a supply and demand zone. I know which candles are going to supply the demand. You have to guess. We here, we're working towards a greater understanding that eludes the majority of people around the world. Even the professionals out there that you see walking the floors on CNBC when they pan through the stock exchange. These fellas and gals, they don't know what you're learning. They don't know this. They don't know it. They believe it's buying and selling pressure. They believe the buyers are taking control, the sellers are taking control. Think about it. We're all standing here pointing at everyone outside saying, "You're all wrong. Ignorance is bliss." How much evidence do you need to see to see that this thing is rigged? How much evidence have you seen from me providing before the fact using the logic that has taught many people around the world to look for these things without me guiding you? Think about it. You've seen now more proof and evidence of my concepts working than any other thing in any other book. Think about you buy a book. I want to learn about volume profile. I want to learn about volume analysis. I want to learn about supply and demand. I want to learn about Elliot wave. I want to learn about white golf. I want to learn about whatever. You get a book with canned predetermined pre-selected little examples. And you never see them explain how their setups are likely to fail. If they fail, what do you do? See, here we are looking for a process. We're [snorts] looking for a procedure to follow that we know what price should do most times. We anticipate, we predict, we do not fearfully wait to react. If you're looking to react, that means you have no idea when something's going to happen. You have no idea when it's going to happen. So, you're scared. You can say you're not scared, but you are. Because if someone comes up to you before you can take your trade and says, "Hey, look, can you come here?" "No, no, I'm afraid I'll miss my trade. I'll miss my setup." So, it is fear. You're just going to lie to yourself and everyone else around you. I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid that I'm going to miss something because I know these price fluctuations are all scripted. I can see it like the ones and zeros in binary. I can see it. You can see it if you spend enough time with this and stop trying to force it. Don't ask me to do more than I'm willing to do. I'm not going to hold your hand and put you in trades live. I'm not going to do that. And if that offends you, if that makes you feel like you can't trust me, good. Because I filtered you out because you're not teachable. I want you to be able to do this on your own. And you're not going to learn how to do it on your own by me doing it in front of you so you can copy me. The only thing that will do is want you to be just a follower. I don't want a follower. I don't want followers. I want people to come into my timeline and say, "Hey, look, I'm going to listen to the old man. I'm going to take what he's putting out and I'm going to make it mine. I'm going to run with it. And I'm not trying to live here under his wing. That's what I want. I catch the most grief [laughter] and I do everything for free. And I encourage you to learn what you need to learn and get away from me. Don't be tethered to me. not worship me, not look up to me, not call me the goat, not ch not try to be part of the community for the rest of your life. How you going to knock a guy like that or no nonsense here? I have a lot of fun, but there's no nonsense here. You come here, learn what it is you need to learn, and get up the road. That's how that's it. That's how it works. Thank you. Okay, great. If you don't want to thank me, okay, it's fine, too. I don't care. You're not taking any money out of my pocket. You're not taking food off my table. You're not keeping my children from eating. Okay? It nothing. It doesn't make a difference. But I want to impact your life. I want you to have enough faith in yourself to see the things I'm showing week after week after week. Who you going to believe? Who you going to believe? You're gonna believe the people out there that say, "My stuff is not mine. I didn't create anything. It's somebody else's stuff." Where's the somebody else's stuff? Find the examples of other people using that same thing and taking these trades with these points of reference and logic. They don't do that. Think about it. If we were in court, the evidence is so glaringly obvious that I'm the only one. I'm the only one that gave you these very levels here in chart form days before they happened. [laughter] It's funny, isn't it? Crazy, isn't it? Just like it's known like the back of my hand. It's funny how it is, isn't it? It's almost eerie like I've been here before. Mhm. [snorts] But there's a decision on your part. Do you believe the people that say what they say about me on the internet when they don't show you trades? They don't show you any reason to believe anything they're saying. This is an opinion. It's deep fake stuff. It's fake garbage information. things that I never did, things I've never said. Come on now. And you watch me every single week come out here and present something to you that you're not entitled to. You're not entitled to this information. You're not. You are absolutely not entitled to it. and anybody else in my situation, in my position of privilege, none of you would be giving it away. You wouldn't. You would not. Truth be told, you wouldn't even be selling it either. But the weaker ones would. I do everything I can to let you see that I am somebody that has a high degree of interest in you succeeding. I do everything I can to provide a environment for you to trust. Just trust. Nobody's taking anything from you. You can't get hurt. You can't lose money because I don't tell you to trade with real money. When you take a step back and you can see that I am the most responsible, the most responsible mentor out there. I don't sell anything to you. I don't demand that you pay a subscription to me and I deliver something that nobody else can match. And still a half a dozen of you every single day reach out to me and you ask, "What do you think about this person who said do this and what about this person who said this or that?" If you spent that much time watching everybody else talk about me when they can't do better than me, they they they don't ever answer the trades. They don't ever answer the analysis. They never say anything about the things I'm calling before it happens. every week. Every week it's like they just put blinders on. It's a huge elephant in the room, but yet nobody ever touches that. Why is that? Why aren't you asking questions like that? Because that's the question that needs to be answered. Why does everybody that has something to talk about me negatively ignoring all of the correct precision elements that I'm teaching calling in advance and the market booking it to the tick while they're out there trying to shill memberships selling software programs promising that it'll do something that it can't do. Who you going to believe? I personally I don't care if you believe me. I I've made a whole image of myself staying out here doing everything that nobody else would do. I shot my image down so many times just to prove I can come right back up from it. Nobody else would dare do the things I've done because their image is their meal ticket and it's not mine. It is not mine. So who you going to believe? [laughter] You're going to see more of this as we go along. You're going to see a lot of stuff that just kind of like makes it real hard to listen to other people talk about what they think makes the market go up and down. And if you're one of those people, if you're one of those people like the little guy over there on baby pips who says that I I I lost in a challenge to him with $5,000. Master Gunner, you're talking myths. You're talking madeup fantasy. Yep. How about Pete Feder? Yep. I mentioned your name, too, buddy. You were a nobody then. You're still a nobody today. Okay. You're again, you're lying, saying things that did not happen. I'm right here. I'm right here. If you want to take it, come on. I'm right here. I don't hide. I don't even hide from it. It's right here. All you got to do is escrow it. Escrow it and I'll take it off your hands. No problem. But we're not playing that little Mickey Mouse stuff anymore. Cloud cost around here. But you know you ain't got it to put up and you couldn't take it from me because you know you know the old man knows something that you don't. instead of just sit back and saying, "You know what? I know I don't have anything that can beat this guy's stuff. I know I can't be as popular as him. I just I just can't manage a crowd that large. So, why bother shaking the tree? Let me just sit back and quietly take what he's got. And if it works in my hands, great. I ain't never going to have to say anything to him. I ain't going to ever have to congratulate him or or give him appreciation for it. It'll just make me better. There's nothing wrong with that. There's nothing wrong with that. Absolutely nothing wrong with that. But it's astonishing. It's astonishing to see so many people. So many people out there supposedly are so successful. They're so successful that they're ate up by someone like me. >> [laughter] >> But none of you people bother me. None of you people bother me. Why? Because I am successful. You don't change the way I sleep. You don't bother me. You don't make my heart skip a beat. You don't cause any anxiety. You don't influence me as a mentor. You don't influence me as a public figure. Any publicity, any publicity you put out there about me just makes me bigger. That's what I used to get right where I'm at. And some of you new guys, you think you're doing something. You're just feeding me. That's all you're doing. You're feeding the audience. You're feeding the audience and you're bringing more people here because when they come here, they get to see things like this. and they know that there ain't anything else out there delivering this type of information. And yes, it's going to cause a little bit of concern for what you have to go through to learn it. Anything that's going to be allowing you to excel past everyone else is going to take some effort. Everybody, everybody in high school played a sport, but those individuals like yourself didn't get to Olympic level. There's a degree of performance that separates. See, my my life pursuit has been chasing perfection. That's why I'm so fixated on knowing. That's what kept me going. this obsessive desire to know that if I stayed with it long enough, if I stayed with it long enough and the Lord was gracious enough, he would open my eyes. And he did it. He did it. And you can see it now. You can see it. And once you understand it, you look at these wiggles and waggles on these charts and when it's completely naked and you don't know what frame of reference to to build on. It looks kind of crazy, doesn't it? How could anybody know what the market's going to do in all of this mess? I had that same fear in 1990. I had that fear gripped me because I read one book and I thought I figured everything out because the person that wrote the book made it seem so easy anybody could do it. I listened to testimonials by people that made lots of money and I believed it. Hook line and sinker and I put money into an account and I lost half of it in one night. Then suddenly all these lines became adversaries. I looked at them like a mob coming to thump me, mug me, shake me down. instead of what I saw as these are all little ATM pin numbers and all I got to do is be there at the right time and I can take money out. That was what I thought. That's what I thought. And then [clears throat] I had my eyes opened up and no person sat down with me. I didn't buy their course. I didn't watch their videos. I didn't go to their workshops or their seminars to learn anything I'm teaching you today. Truth be told, I I I I wish many times it could be something as simple as, you know what, just go watch this person and that's where I learned it from. Cuz then I can go on and and go live my life and do what I got to do. But I'm tethered to all of you. While I'm here, I have to do this. That was the arrangement. That's the That's the deal. That was the the bargain, if you will. So that's why I tell you these people talking about me, let them let them do it. They're advertising for me. They bring people here and then they watch me call the market. They watch me teach a very specific element of price delivery and it grips their curiosity and then they start delving into the the lectures and they start listening to it and with a little bit of time they'll see that I'm not that monster that they're creating in the eyes and ears of everybody out there that they feel that they're influencing. I'm the only guy out here that's the realest real one. I'm not trying to take anything from you. I'm the biggest giver in all of this industry. And I could be the biggest taker. All I got to do is flip a switch. Mentorships could start, brand affiliations could start, teaching circuits all over the world. Just like that. Just like that. And I put everybody out of business. I could. I have no interest in that. Make that make sense. If I'm broke, make that make sense. Money doesn't motivate me. Your eventual success is my motivation. Because when you succeed, the father gets the glory. Not me. When you say thank you ICT or thank you Michael, you're thanking the wrong guy. I was just the pen. I'm just the instrument. That's it. That's all I was a conduit. His message to you. And a lot of you just don't get it. Like you don't get it. Ask him point blank. Just sit down in the in the quiet, peaceful setting of your car, your home where you can't be distracted and say, "Look, I I want to really learn how to do this. I want to learn how to do it. I want to be comfortable in my own skin doing it. That doesn't mean I got to be right all the time, but I have to know what I should or shouldn't do. and not be swayed by my emotions, the psychology or pursuit of greed or or fear. I want to know what I'm looking for and the discipline to know when to wait for it and anticipate it and the skill to be able to act on it when it's time to do it. And then here's the part that nobody really wants to do. Ask him to bless you so you could be a blessing to someone else. And you think some of you means that you learn how to do this then you start selling mentorships. That's not what I mean. I mean going out and finding people that have real needs. Not the people that stand on the corners begging, but they go around the corner. and they get in their car and they go to their home. I've seen those things happen. I've given money to people that do that. Think about it. People in real need, they're not begging because they don't believe you're going to help them. But a conniver, a swindler, a pan handler, they're hoping that you will. They're hoping that their their rouge, their illusion of being homeless and needy. They're going they're going to hope that you get tricked by that and then your generosity going to reach in your pocket, inside your purse, and give them something they don't really deserve. I'm talking about finding people in real need and blessing them, fulfilling a need, supporting a family, not asking for anything in return, not asking for notoriety or recognition at your public church just because you love your brother and your neighbor. Who's that? Everybody that you're not. This world's getting uglier, folks. And it needs a lot more of what I'm describing. It's going to be even harder to find that kind of stuff. And I promise you, you want to find purpose in life, you want to find real success in living it, live your life like that. The appreciation, the joy it gives you, it outshadows any amount of money you make. Money becomes a tool. It simply becomes a tool. It doesn't become the end to the means of this is why I'm doing it. Money, money, money, money, money. Money's fine. There's nothing wrong with money. But when you're making everything about life about money and you equate everything in dollar terms, it's not it's not it. And we have a lot of money. You see the fallacy of pursuing so much and giving up so many more important things to chase that. And I did that stuff when I was younger. And I have a lot now that I can look back and say I'd give it all up if I go back and have all those moments where I could have been with my family, being a better dad, being a better husband, better family member, a better business owner, just a better human. But we all learn. We go through things and we learn lessons sometimes the hard way. and I talk to you so that way you don't go through the things I went through. A large part of my adult life I had to hide from a gold digger. Imagine that. Imagine that. You can come out here any day of the week, make a fortune just to snap my finger. Just like that. And I got to hide from someone that actively is trying to take from me just simply because we had a child together. When I was raising that child, how would you live your life? Some of you say, "Oh, I don't care." Not me. Not me, man. The youth of our lives, we many times [laughter] we we make some decisions that have very long longlasting effects. And I I I wish that you guys that are younger, especially the young men, I wish you listen to the things I talk about outside of trading. because I I put myself through a lot of stuff that was needless that was avoidable and it caused my younger years to be stressful when I did not have to stress. But most of you just simply want money. You look at this candlestick, you look at that right there and think, "Wow, it's it's 15 grand just in a very short period of time. If I could do that, man." Change it to If I could do that and be used in a way by the Lord to bless other people that really need it. Not shuxers, not swindlers, not frauds, not liars, thieves, but people that really have a need. You will be a blessing. And I am absolutely 100% certain that that's the kind of prayer that the father answers because it's not about you. It's not about you. But you want it to be all about you. All these influencers, all of these influencers make it about them. ICT is just a mask. It's a character I play. It gets people all riled up. It draws a crowd. But Mr. Rogers is the one that's teaching you. That's who's talking to you right now. You hear any braggados stuff? No. Nope. Because this is where the rubber meets the road. This is the stuff that matters most. How are you going to operate? How are you going to behave? How are you going to move if you're going to be successful? You can make a lot of money. Don't get me wrong. You can make a lot of money. But if you don't know how to move, you'll lose it quick. And when you fall from having a lot of money, most people can't ever get it back. I could come all the way down to ground zero and inside 6 months be back in a position where most of the influencers you see on the internet wouldn't even be close to that. That's not arrogance. That's not pride. That's not bragging. It's just simply knowing. It's it's knowing. Your motivations need to be greater and broader than just your pocketbook, your wallet, your bank account. It's got to be broader than buying something to show off on the internet to make other people think you're rich. Rich people don't do things like that. New money that doesn't have much money does those types of things. They buy a whole lot of depreciating assets or they do partnerships with companies and allow their company brand to be placed on things they don't really own to make it seem like they're super rich. They're not. I don't do any of those things. I don't market materialism. I don't show you my car collection. I don't tell you, here's my home portfolio. I don't do those things. the whole point of me putting it behind trusts, limited partnerships. I had to live my life that for a long time. None of you are entitled to know those things about me. And none of that stuff makes money for you, but you think it somehow isn't the most important thing. And you ignore the obvious things I do every single week. Focus on what I show, what I teach, what I say. Then look at what the market does. You don't see me teaching my market replay. You don't see it. You see me executing with live executions over live price feed that can't be faked after telling you what it should do. Think about it. You have a very unique opportunity to learn something that no one else can teach you. They might know some words that I created. They may be familiar with some setups and they might get lucky once in a while and they might slap a price tag on it and call themselves a mentor. They might be doing those things. But if someone created the language, no one's going to teach, articulate, or explain what they don't have a full understanding of better than me. And I do it for free. Who you going to trust? [laughter] Who you going to believe? These charts, these candlesticks, they're spotlights. They're putting a spotlight on skill and the absence of skill. Who has it? Who doesn't? Who keeps showing up every single week and giving you something to build on? Who's encouraging you? Who tears you down? I got a a very strong opinion about every other school of thought in trading, but I don't have a target as a person out there that I target. I I I don't I don't do those things. Now, when people say something, I might come back and say something, respond to them publicly. Let them know that I'm right here. I'm right here, but you're not doing anything. It doesn't scare me. It doesn't upset me. It doesn't bother me. And I do these things to quiet your nerves as a new student because I don't hide. I don't duck. I don't run. And I've put my money up. I said, "Come take it if you can." And nobody ever does. Nobody ever does. There's a lot of you. And none of you can find my stuff anywhere else in great detail. If it existed, you would have found it by now. But yet they still talk because they want you to stop pursuing excellence. You're not worshiping me by learning my stuff, okay? You're not loving me or liking the person of ICT cuz that's not who I really am. It's no different than someone that goes to a movie studio and puts on an act for the script they've been given. I just so happen I write the script. I know how to get an audience engaged. I know how to get people all worked up into a frenzy, get defensive or get supportive. I know how to do those things. I have I have a very strong knack for doing that. That's marketing. And I chose to use the inflammatory direct hate mechanism that I could inspire in the audience. And then the people that are here that know how to do these things I'm teaching by nature you're going to want to defend it. So what does it do? It creates engagement and then I grow in reach and and my audience gets bigger and my student student base grows. That's how I did this. There was no marketing with advertising. I never ran an ad everywhere anywhere. Nothing. I infected the minds of people that are on the outside to make them want to come over here and hate me. And they don't even see how it happened. They can't even imagine that that's what it was. That's exactly what it's been. That's exactly what it's been the whole time. And it's worked swimmingly, brilliantly. So, for the half a dozen folks that wrote emails to me yesterday and early this morning, this is my response to you. None of that stuff bothers me. Nobody's running me off the internet. I I I rely on those types of things to happen. I rely on it because they work for free for me. Sure, they can make some silly videos and make a little bit of ad revenue off of it, but that's the only relevance they hold. They don't have a voice otherwise. They don't have an audience otherwise. Nobody wants to buy their service, their software, their course [snorts] because they don't see by comparison what they see here for free. Start asking the right questions. start paying attention and keeping track of what's being taught, what's being shown, and how the market actually delivers. I promise you, if you put the time into this, you will discover that it was the best choice you ever made. You just simply got to avoid trying to rush it because you can't speed up the process. There's nothing you can do to make it happen faster. But you can make it a whole lot longer than it needs to be by demanding success by a deadline. Relax and let it happen. Relax and let your experience come organically. Enjoy going through this. And it'll be far much easier for you to fall into what you have as a goal for yourself if you do it this way versus another. So hopefully this was an encouragement to you. Hopefully you learned something this week. And until I talk to you again next time, be
