================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: The Week In The Life Cycle Of Price
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmHSwlmS9iY
================================================================================

Good morning folks. Welcome back. Pleasant Saturday to you. As you can see, the market is closed and we have a lot of questions that was given to me. I now obviously I can't answer all of them. So, I kind of like curated a a list of them and others are actually answered. If you just go through the rest of the videos, some of the questions were obviously by new readers, viewers, students, casual, you know, inquiries. I don't really satisfy casual inquiries uh simply because I spent a lot of my personal time creating the lectures on this YouTube channel. So if you don't want to take the uh time and the initiative to kind of like investigate it and go through the content, I don't feel obligated to save you any time. I've spent enough of my own time to save you a lifetime. So I want to kind of talk about something and a topical study and it is a week in a life cycle of price and again this is for Saturday's weekend lecture and it's August 15th 2026 and what you're looking at here is a weekly chart of the NASDAQ composite index. Now, this is a continuous contract, okay? So, [sighs] I'm going to go through and I'm going to be answering questions. Some of the questions I want to make sure that you know I'm addressing, I'll specifically refer to and others will just simply because you're watching the content, you'll see that you're your answer basically is being supplied. Okay? So, uh, just know that my analysis always begins with a continuous contract. I actually use a monthly chart, but I don't need to do that today cuz I'm going to actually ring in the monthly highs and monthly lows. So, that way it'll be helpful for you. Speaking of which, this is the NASDAQ Composite Index continuous contract chart on the weekly time frame, as you can see right up here. And the high of July is represented by this weekly candle. And the low of July represented by this candlestick's low. Okay. So by having that range defined, what I'm going to be looking at on the continuous contract is how does the daily contract front month, for instance, we're trading the September delivery contract for NQ or NASDAQ futures. Does it show an agreement with levels that would be arrived at by using the continuous contract? Continuous contract gives me a a field of reference for key highs, key lows, inefficiencies, uh arrays that may not actually occur in the front month because of the rollover effect that this capitalizes on. So the continuous contract aids in that regard. Whereas the front month contract that will expire, it starts trading at a time when its influence over this composite charting application of a continuous contract chart doesn't help. It doesn't have any input in it. Okay? Because it's so far down the line that of future contracts trading in the future. Like for instance, March of 2027, it's having no impact on this composite charting of a continuous contract. December isn't having any impact on this either. But by referring back to old price data, it allows me to look at things where the average person wouldn't. Okay? So, there's times, and I recently taught this this year, so go back and look at the lectures, all part of this playlist, the 2026 lecture notes playlist on my YouTube channel. uh I I go extensively into certain things that I'm looking for that are only going to be derived by looking at a continuous contract chart, not just simply the futures contract that's traded front month or nearby. If you are a CFD trader, in other words, if you're outside the range of trading US futures markets or let's say this way, if you're not able to participate in that in your area or geographic in the in the globe and you're trading with CFDs, you'll be using the same concept here. Okay? You're just simply going to be utilizing the continuous contract here and then blending the actual highs and lows for the individual days or weeks. Look for its closest correlated high and low on your weekly chart for the CFD US 100 or if you're trading the SPOS, it's the US 500 or the equivalent thereof. Okay? So, I I can't scratch everybody's itch. Okay? And I I'm not gonna I tried in the past. I tried very hard to to try to accommodate every single person that comes to me and what market they want to follow. And basically, you're asking me to be your AI assistant. And I'm I'm not going to do that. Okay? Everything that I'm doing here in one market, one market that allows me to focus, spend my time economically where I can still teach. And then you can take this information and transpose it to the markets that you trade. Everything I'm showing you here works in Forex. Everything in here works in gold, everything in here works in commodities, it works in bonds, it works in whatever, okay? Whether you're using the CFD market or the futures contracts, it it doesn't matter. It's the same thing. Okay? So, what I'm giving you is is a workshop today and hopefully in about a half an hour or so compressing all the things that you would do. Okay? And this is what helps get a bias. This is what helps to determine where I think the market's going to go after we open at 9:30 Eastern time on regular trading hours. How I look for pools of liquidity. What pools of liquidity am I interested in? How to differentiate which ones are strong? Which highs and lows do I ignore? Because obviously I teach you to draw towards that with your objective and reading price going forward. That's like a targeting method. So what about when there's relative equal highs there? When do I disregard those? All these things are going to be answered in this lecture. Okay, just because I'm going to compress it down to a small amount of time, don't discount it that there must be more. It's just a matter of experience and you'll see what I mean by that. So we have a range here defined by July's high and low. It's not complicated, is it? No, it's not. And we're going to continue with that. And we're going to go in. And then look at this guy. He's always got to creep around. Show his face. Look. I think he's attention seeking, isn't he? Look at him. Beady little eyes. So anyway, we're going to roll into the weekly chart zoomed in. So now we have the previous week's high. That's this right here. And the previous week's low. And again, we're still dealing with the continuous contract. By having these levels here, we already come to a great deal of information. We're inside of a new week when we're trading right here. We opened right there. Now, where do you think the market's likely to go to if we're opening right here on the present week we just closed? Okay, so it's Saturday when we opened up on Sunday. If we opened on Sunday and we're right here, is it more likely? This is for the bias seeking questions. This is for the direction, the draw liquidity. How do you determine the draw in liquidity? How do you get the uh the draw in liquidity so accurate, Michael? How do you how do you know how to feel confident to post these things on the internet beforehand and then they go to these levels? I'm showing you. So, if we're opening here, is it more likely that we're going to go to the previous week's high or the previous month's high versus from this opening all the way down to previous week's low or previous week I'm sorry, previous month's low. Clearly, it's easier to get to it here. So, this is the path of least resistance. It's also part of a primary bullish market. And they keep propping this market up. And you can argue about whatever you want to call it, but it's artificial. Okay? The market should not even be at these levels. The economy is not good. The the the fear and trepidation of investing you large sums of money with this administration and everything that's going on around it. All the data that comes out is all fake. Okay? All this fundamental data fake. So sticking with the, you know, the narrative that continuously moves forward being a bullish market until proven otherwise, we got to still take this bullish order flow for what it's showing us. It wants to keep pressing higher. So that's how we open up this week, looking for the previous week and previous month's high to be traded to. Now, there's always going to be people that see that and say, "Oh, well, you know, of course you it's going to likely do that." But that's what I'm answering. I'm answering the question to students that are asking, "Why do I think a specific draw in liquidity is paramount or more likely to deliver to that of something else?" Okay, this is what I'm doing every single week. every single week soon as Friday's close. Either I'm waiting until my family falls asleep or I'll do it like on like today, Saturday. And I do it real early in the morning. I get my analysis and scribble my little notes on my little notepad here. And everything that's on my notepad, I'm sharing here today. Okay. So, these are all the things that I went through. um the the thought process this week and I can show where I said certain things that week you can prove and hold me to the fire. Okay. So now we have that range defined the same bit of business. Okay. This blue line here is just so I can line up these things here. My obsessivecompulsive part of the ICT character which isn't real. The uh it's flaring because I know you're probably going to think what's this what's that blue line there? Are you predicting something? No, I'm just drawing a line for reference. That way I can drag this point out and this point out where you both I'm sorry. These both can be read easily, but where I draw this one to an end, this one I want to kind of like match it up and I just didn't take that blue line out. Okay, so there I promise you there's nothing um mystical about it. I'm not predicting anything. Don't come back and say, "See, he was trying to tell you something." I wasn't. Okay, it's just simply leaving leaving an artifact in the video that should have been edited out. So, that's that. So, now we're going to take our attention over to the actual futures contract for September delivery. And I already done the work for you. [snorts and laughter] And there's the high for July. So, that's the monthly high. And here's the monthly low for July. And then we have previous week's low and previous week's high. See that? Now, with these levels here, same bit of business when we opened up on September deliveries contract month for NQ or NASDAQ futures, is it more likely that it was going to come all the way back down and take out previous week's low or previous month's low or take out previous week's high and or July's high? Clearly, it's so close to it. Just static price action alone is likely to send us up in there. Okay, even if it were to go up there and somehow next week, you know, we crashed and went lower. I'm not suggesting that we're going to do that. I don't know what we're going to do yet. Okay, I have to see where we're going to open up on Sunday, let it trade through Sunday, and watch the opening range on Monday. Okay, that's what I'm submitting to. It's more likely to see it go to those levels simply based on that. Now, that's enough of a range to do very, very well. Don't look at this r previous week and say, "Oh, look at this little tiny little move. He's calling that a big like it's a big deal. Well, it is a big deal when you're doing it every single week in front of the public all the time over and over and over again using the things I'm teaching you here. So, it's important for you to pay attention to how simple the things are, but you look at the number of videos and the the amount of speaking points that I give because I'm answering thousands of questions that come to me over time. And sometimes when they're really good questions, I'll have a notepad that I have when I touch on this subject, make sure you bring up this too because I I see a number of people asking around that same premise or theme of a question. So I'm kind of always getting to the point eventually for you, but I still have to stay in a schedule that I'm comfortable with because I'm following the path of how I developed all these things in the order of their creation. Okay? So, nobody's going to disrupt that order. And once it's done, then it's it's done. So, we're going to drop down into a daily chart. Those same levels are transposed here. Okay. So, we have previous month and previous week high and low annotated here. And I'm going to take your focus into a couple different things of last week's trading. And we won't need to worry about this previous week's low. And we won't need to worry about the previous month's low. So that that's not something that we need to concern ourselves with at the moment. But if we go out to a daily chart, I want to get a couple reference points here. And again, we're using the September delivery contract month for NQ. And when price was sitting in here, so we have Friday, Thursday, Wednesday, Tuesday, Monday, and last Friday's close. Okay. So last Friday's daily range is here. Thursday, Wednesday's high here. If it were to take that out, what above that last week's high or previous week's high, what would be a PD array or PD arrays plural, what would be a likely candidate or candidates they could reach for? Well, immediately this is over here and we talked about this. This is too smooth. Okay, real real smooth. The market doesn't like to keep those types of things there. So they want to make it jagged. So in this case, we went through it here on Thursday and cut all the way through these candles before we get to this high. Okay? Because that's what classic support and resistance would say. Well, if it takes out these highs here, that's resistance broken. And then if it continues going higher, what's the next reference point for resistance? That high. Well, before we get there, we got to cut through the chaff. Oh, right there. Sell something. You like that? Only the highest form of production around here. Bump. You hear that? I don't have to have I don't have to push a button for that. Bump. Southside and bounce by. I need a dad jokes. They just that just keep rolling in, don't they? I don't know where it comes from. And my wife looks at me all the time like she is now with the hair guy. Like, really? You're look you're you're doing that right now. Yes, honey. I'm doing it just like this. Okay, that's what got me here. So, we have the low of this candlestick here and the high of this candlestick. So, that's the cibby sell side of bounce by side in efficiency. And it's an inefficiency when we cut through candles because that's what the algorithm is going to do. That doesn't exist. That's what the buying and selling pressure is going to most likely agree on when it when you go through these types of things. So, we also have this wick. says it's a premium wick when we're here and then the next day we open and I'll get to all these levels here in a moment but it's going to likely trade up to previous week's high which I gave you tweets about and then if it goes that higher it's going to clean these relative equal highs and if it keeps going higher then we have this wick which is a premium wick what makes it a premium because on Wednesday's trading and close we're below below it still. So if it's going to go higher, that's a premium array. It's treated just like a gap just like this is. And then we have this inefficiency. So by grading these wicks like this, we get consequent encroachment and the market trades right up there. Look at the open. Isn't that crazy? That's pretty insane, isn't it? Okay, who would have thunk it? I know it's not a real word, but hey, it is what it is. Or is it? I don't know. I got to check it after this video now. Dunk it. It's probably been added as like a um See how easy it is for me to get off topic? I do this on purpose because I know people like to complain in the comment section. You're the worst teacher in ever been and you can't stay on topic. I know how to stay on topic. I just do this to filter out the people that are just here for the easy stuff. You want the cookies and milk at the beginning. No, you got to have the meat first. So, we have a buy sign bounce sign efficiency here on the daily chart. We have a volume and bounce at the low. We don't have a volume of bounce at the high. And then the market trades down into that last week, rallies up, and then we started consolidating. Okay. So, when do retail bull flags form and they're trustworthy? Oh, this is blasphemy. ICT is talking about retail bull flags. Well, everything I said about where we're at in relationship to the previous week's high and previous month's high and the likelihood of it going there versus the previous week's low or previous month's low holds true here. So, that would validate this as a potential bull flag. It could go higher. Now, I'm not saying it's going to go from the full flag pole of it. it's going to go up there because if it does that then it's going to push us into these relative equal highs which I mentioned this week and then potentially another all-time high. I'm not going to go so far as to say that. I I don't want to I don't want to say that yet. Okay. So, just know that we got to take one thing at a time, one PDA at a time. So, there are several things multi multiple things really that led to me anticipating the market likely trading higher. Okay. So now going forward, continuing on, we have return back into the daily chart zoomed in. So we have that buy side and balance sell sign efficiency that's shown here that just showed you moments ago when we were zoomed out. And we have previous month high and previous week high here annotated. And I want to just focus on a few things here. Very little annotations on the chart. with the chart kind of crushed in horizontally so that way that the candlesticks look a little bit more uniform. We have the buy side and balance sell sign efficiency and notice that when this retracement occurred last week, not the week we just closed. Okay, so this was Friday, yesterday, Thursday, Wednesday, Tuesday, Monday, last Friday, last Thursday. Okay, that's what this is here. So, when it traded down in this inefficiency, that's this buy sign bell sell sign efficiency on the daily chart. I always keep referring back to the time frame I'm showing up here. Okay, this low doesn't touch. So, it failed to gladand with the consequent encroachment. Gladhanding is where there's pairing of orders and it allows to book or print at a specific price level. If it can't do that when this array forms initially when this forms it means that okay if the market's bullish the upper half which would be this candlestick's low down to it consequent encroachment or midpoint that's where the bullish buyside order flow coming in like markets uh the buyers okay for smart money purpose will want to be buying in that portion of this gap. Okay, it is the strongest when you see these types of things where the runs start in the upper half and they start to run higher. That's confirming bullish order flow. No gimmicks required. All in the open, high, low, and close of the candlestick. Very simple stuff. It's free to see it. If it can't even touch consequent encroachment, it really is bullish, especially on the heels of it not laying any bodies or burying any bodies below consequent encroachment. So there's no unfinished business down here because a bullish market should have inefficiencies left open. And I'm the first person to ever teach that concept. And so many people say, "Oh, that's always been around." No, it hasn't. No, it has not. So, it rallies here with bullish order flow as I teach it. Not level two, not depth of market, doms, footprint. We don't need any of that stuff. Okay? If you want to use that stuff, if it agrees with what I'm teaching, then it'll work. And that sounds very narcissistic, doesn't it? But that's just the facts, Jack. So, it rallies out of that. And then look what we're doing here. The Tuesday, I'm sorry, Thursday, the Friday of last week. And then Monday we open below this candlesticks close which is rejection block. So we're we're creating this like little area where it's just simply saying I'm not willing to go above that. Why? What's going on? I'll get to that. I'll get to that. Don't worry. But it trades softer on Tuesday. Now look what's happening here. This right there. Look what it's doing. More specifically, look what it's not doing. the low of this candlestick here failed on Tuesday to trade to the buy side of balance sell side and efficiency high which was this candlestick's low. So let's take a closer look at it. So on this day here on Thursday, how can we know this is going to be a large range day? Because it's the end of the big impactful news. It's the PPI number and it's part of a day where we're closing in on the on the the last day or day before final trading day of the week which is Friday. And we hadn't really closed above this rejection block yet. all this consolidation in here and on Tuesday we had this little tip off here that they did not gladhand with the low of this candlestick which is the high of this buy center balance sign efficiency. So we have two things, two themes, two confirmations that bullish order flow is still in order. That means if you want to say it this way, I am predicting the buying pressure. If you if you want to look at it that way, okay, wonderful. That makes me like the trading crescen. I'm the mindreading, you know, guru of uh I'm the Dr. Xavier of price action. I'm able to get in everybody's head with cerebral um attacks where I can go in there and cerebral putting my little helmet on and I can read everybody's buying and selling pressure minds. Okay, [laughter] if you want to do that, that's fine. I'll roll with that for a little while. That's fine. But what's actually happening is is the algorithm is going to displace higher and be permitted to trade into previous week's high, previous month's high, and then in the other PD race that I mentioned a moment ago. But for now, we're gonna zero in, okay, on a very specific thing that I talked about. I said that Thursday, which is being highlighted here, this candlestick right there. You can all the things I do online, you can always hold my feet to the fire. Okay? I don't say anything extra. Even though I do talk a lot, I am the mentor with the mount. The bottom line is is I always leave you breadcrumbs and I never delete anything. Ever. I never edit a post where there's any kind of specific key level or what I expect. And here's a student here. Do you think it's going to be a large range day? Almost four small range days. What's my answer there? I do. I do. And this is occurring at 8:14 a.m. on August 13th before this run. Okay. Before the PPI number comes out. It's going to be a large range day. And and I'm indicating here that I'm anticipating a drop down to go up to take out at least Wednesday's high. Think about that. Think about that. So, if it's going to do these types of things, I'm clearly indicating with no uncertain u terms that there's going to be with very specific terms, no ambiguity. I'm looking for higher prices. So, I'm teaching by principle and theory that I've already taught at Nauseium for years how to determine the draw on liquidity, how to determine the bias, how to determine where the market's going to go. And I'm giving you the details as to why I felt inclined to be so forward with it in the public eye. Okay. So, continuing on, we're going to drop down into a 15-minute time frame. Okay. And now when we go into a week, we want to know what we're looking for. Okay? And we want to look at like in my private mentorship, there are lectures that are taught in like month 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, all the way through month 12 that are very very smart money oriented concepts. They are literally road maps that tells you what these algorithmic moves are going to be like and how to anticipate them. Okay. So, when we look at for instance this the entirety of the week viewed through the lens of a 15-minute time frame. Why 15 minutes? Because it's a bell weather time frame. It allows me to see everything. It gives me the full weekly range. If I scroll out a little bit, you know, further and show last week's price action, I can pick out very key levels and determine where and sometimes checking my notes because on on the weekend, I always like to go back over and say, okay, I wrote down previous Monday's Asian session buy side liquidity pool as a specific high and I want to know what that level is. I want to make sure I'm I wrote that down because, you know, I'm human. I could I could be distracted by my awesome wife. She could walk by here, you know, coming out, you know, letting the towel drop down. You know, you know, you know it's like, guys, you know what it's like, ladies. Here's some hints for you. You want a happy marriage. So, the point is this. I want to go back through and see where the points and pools of liquidity are relative to sessions, okay? Not just simply the daily highs and the lows because obviously those are those are very strong independent uh buy side and sell side liquidity bulls but there's also the high and low the last three days there's also previous week high and low and there's previous month high and low okay but we can take it down intraday into what was the Asian sessions high and low what was the London sessions high and low what is the AM session in New works session high and low. Then you have the 2-hour window. That's the New York lunch. What's the high and low of that? Every time you get these ranges, you want also know what the midpoint is. Okay? So that midpoint, that's an equilibrium price point. You also want to know what they are, too. And that's what's written on my notepad all the time. Okay? And you see them very clearly and visibly inside of a 15-minute time frame. It's all laid out here perfectly for you. Okay? Um earlier in the week I stated that my interest was in the 29,984 price level. That's these relative equal highs. That just so happens to be Monday's London session by sell liquidity. And then after Monday's trading, I gave a short little review and you can go and look at the reviews, okay? Look at everything I posted. And I mentioned these relative equal lows here. And I said it could it could go down there and take that sell side out. But I didn't mention anything lower than that. Did I? No, I did not. No, Siri Bob, that didn't happen. Nothing edited, nothing mentioned lower than that. That's interesting. But now watch that daily buy sell sign efficiency. See it? its portion the upper portion of it right here. Look what's happening there. You can see that it's trading down but falling short of touching that. Is that bullish or bearish? That is absolutely rockstar bullish. Okay. Once these are taken out now in my mind I'm thinking it could trade down and touch that by bounce outside efficiency. Okay. And that's why I left no clear indication of how far it can go through these lows with protraction. But I gave you nothing lower than these levels here. So what does that mean? This is going to get swept. They're going to take those lows while remaining bullish and it can't even touch that buy bounce outside efficiency. That is awesome bullish order flow. You don't need to know how many people bought underneath these lows. You don't need to know how many people had a number of orders executed. You don't you don't need to know any of that stuff. You don't need that. And then watch how price rips higher. Okay? And uses this good oldfashioned ICT bullish breaker. Look at that. Handsomely now rallies up. Goes into the inefficiencies here. Trades there. Rallies. Where's it going? Where could it possibly be reaching? Well, I'm going out on a limb here, okay? It's dangerous. I got a saw in hand. I'm sawing and I'm standing on the the outer edge of this branch and I'm sawing it off right now cuz I'm going to say something that some of you are going to think it's hindsight cherry picked. I know. I know that's how you think about it, but go back and look at what I gave and then how the market delivered. Okay, we have Monday's New York session AM by side liquidity. And yes, I read that out of order of the text cuz I'm a rebel. Okay, but it obviously said the same thing. But there's also this right here. This is a pool of liquidity for Tuesday. What is that? That's Tuesday's I have it highlighted down here for you. See that? I'm saving you some time. That's Tuesday's AM session by South Kool. All right. So, what you're trying to tell me is yes, it's just that simple. Yes, Virginia, it does not require a whole lot of acrobatics to determine where key highs and lows were the liquidity and the draw is going to be at. It's based on session highs and lows, previous highs and lows, last three days, high and low. That range is a dynamic range. It continuously morphs and changes. But then you have static highs and lows which are session oriented like what I'm showing you here. And then the previous days highs and lows and then you have the previous week's highs and lows and the previous month's highs and lows. And by comparing where we're at in close proximity to whatever those levels exist, the higher the time frame, the more likely it's going to draw to it. Because if it's going to be a daily level like an old high on a daily chart, there's going to be a lot of institutional sponsorship between where the market is right now and it getting to those levels. Meaning that it's got a like a rocket fuel behind the likelihood of it moving in your favor if you're expecting it to trade there and go through it. Okay. So, this creates relative equal highs, too. So, when it took this out, it's reasonable to anticipate this high and then this high being taken out. But, but look at this. Here comes the receipts again. So, here's old ICT waking up. Sand man's dusting his eyes still waking up. Just sitting down saying, "Okay, I'm going to tell the world what's about to happen." And I type out 29,894. Well, that's not useful because we're you we're in close proximity to that already. So, that was a a typo. Did I edit that out? Nope. Go look at that tweet. It's not edited. And whenever I make a mistake typing, because I am human, sometimes I'm a little bit rushed for time because my wife will say, "Hey, look, let's go do this." Or, "Hey, can you do this?" Or, "My son needs something." Or, "The dogs are doing something." Something is going on where I I have a thought in my mind and I hurry up want to share it online. So, I'm text messaging all of you on my X feed. Basically, what I'm doing, sometimes it doesn't come out right. Sometimes autocorrect does something that irritates me and it'll say something like, you know, you know, I don't know, it'll replace a word that I didn't really want to say, but it's in this case, you can see clearly that there's no editing there. It's just me coming right behind it saying no. 29,984 rather just woke up. Laugh out loud. Okay. So, I'm I'm reminding you that just because I say a level, look at it and see if it makes sense because I could have made an error. I could have and just so happens I caught myself there. But I'm never really wrong about where it's going to go to. And that's what I want you to judge me on. Judge me on that. Okay? And the context of just because I put a level there, that means I'm interested in that level for a specific purpose. I want to trade it. I want to see a run go to it. And you saw me do it this week where to the 29,984 level. Yes, right there. Right on up into it. So, how about it? So, the bottom line is this. When it happens, you can see it here. Here's my little thing bob. You can see where the entry was. You can see it's not market replay. You can see it going right there. And there it is. Okay. So, it's me showing you the level I'm interested in and then me executing on it using the information I teach. So, it's proof of concept. It's proof of visibility and foresight. It's not ambiguous. It's not ambiguous to some that's brand new. You just think I'm just toss the numbers out there. And that's what you see all these these sock puppet accounts. They'll come out or somebody that's got a a larger um presence in the industry. usually they're selling something and they're very um intimidated by me because I nobody can influence me. Um I give away all of the money-making opportunity of my brand because I'm not capitalizing on it. I don't take anything from anyone. You can't do anything to me. You can't hurt me. There's nothing you can do to hurt me. But when these people create these little sock puppet accounts and they go online and they'll say, "Oh, I can do that, too. I'll put a number out there in the ether and eventually it'll get hit and say, "See how smart I am." No, you won't. You are not going to tell me. This is why they don't ever do it. I'm sure they probably do it in secret. They're trying to do it. They never come forward with it. Why is it me and my students, we can always do this. Someone throws a gauntlet down, says, you know, do this, do this, do this. Okay, but and there it is. You can see us executing. You can see it from the beginning to the end. Okay. And I'm so proud of all of you. Not because I want you to be out there, you know, arm wrestling these you mental giants in their own mind with their midgets. Really, the bottom line is is I want you to just focus on your own development. You know, after a while, you get bigger and better at knowing how to do all this stuff and you want to get online sport with these people. You know, it was a lot of fun, but it gets old. You know, it's just the novelty wears off. But I'm giving you specific levels for a purpose, okay? Okay, just like I gave you the relative equal lows here and I gave you this level here. Those were the the benchmarks. Okay, think of them like like bookends or boundaries or perimeter lines that the market is going to utilize until we get to CPI on Wednesday and then PPI on Thursday. We're going to have to see what we're going to see. You have to wait and see what it's going to be like. But there's going to be a bullish um I had a bullish inclination thinking it's going to go higher and I clearly showed I showed that I I gave it out. I told everybody very clearly that it was my in my interpretation. I think that market was going to go higher. Okay. So while that's not signal service providing type things, a lot of my students understand that little nudge. Okay, I'm going to focus on tape reading the market going higher. Okay. And right here it is. So what do where do you go with this information and say what did you use to get to this? Because that's the question, you know, how did you know that it was likely to do this on the days that you say? Because how do you know when it's going to do that? How do you use the economic calendar? Well, think about like this. The economic calendar had the CPI on Wednesday and I should have included the slide where it had the the economic calendar. So in your notes, pull up the calendar. Okay. And uh you can be very helpful for me if you are willing to do this. Go on to last week that we just closed Monday through Friday and pull up the medium impact and high impact news events and then post that picture right behind this link on X. Okay. If you do that, people that see the post and watch the recording and whatnot, they'll have the resource for them. I'm not going to do it. I'm doing enough as it is. But at least they'll be able to see like months and years past, you know, when they look at it in the future, some of you will be helpful in this regard because they will be able to look at this economic calendar for this week. I just for the sake of, you know, being human, I guess I didn't think about until just now. I should have included the the portion of the economic counter showing you that CPI was on Wednesday 8:30 Eastern time and then EPI was at 8:30 a.m. Thursday and then we had consumer sentiment numbers and whatever they were medium impact for Friday which is a nothing burger really not they're not going to do anything behind the heels of uh CPI and PPI. So let's take a look at what we can do now. We're going to strip this down. Now we're down to the chrome. Okay, this is the entirety of the week all the way up to Friday, 9:00 a.m. Eastern time. What did it do at 9:00 a.m.? It took out this high. See that? So, we had a rally up here, consolidated, rallied up. Okay. So, what day of the week is this? You you have to know the extraction point. Okay. If you're going to be a sniper and you're going to go into enemy lines and you go out there and you're going to set up your hide, okay, and you take your shot, you take your markdown, and then you got to know when to anticipate the extraction. Where are you supposed to be at when you're leaving the marketplace? Where's smart money going to leave? That's what that's what I'm getting at. Where does smart money leave the theater of war that started at Sunday at 6 p.m. Eastern time and ends at 4:59 and going right to 5:00 Eastern time on Friday. Where where are they exiting? Where's their extraction? Many times it's what I teach in terms of TGI if thank god it's Friday. Okay, it's just a little expression that when we have bullish weeks usually the market trades off from the high intra week and settles somewhere around the 20 to 30% of the weekly range. You can use this as a trade idea. And I'm going to illustrate something in a moment, but for now, just know that once we take out this high here and and it starts to break down, soon as it breaks down and takes out this low, notice again what time frame we're on. 15 minute. It's a bell weather. So, if you're going to be doing reference points for TGIF, this is a wonderful time frame to do it on. You don't need to go any higher than this. You'll see everything. You'll see the whole entire lay of the land. Look what happens. market trades down to 30%. Weekly range and I divided it in half just simply by using the the usefulness of creating a 0.25 level. That's just simply going to give me the mid midpoint here. I'm personally interested in getting to that level because we're in a primary bull market. I felt very strongly that we were going to take out the relative equal lows here, but I don't want to commit to the full run of this buy side of balance sell efficiency that's not highlighted. But you can see the volume imbalance to the high up here. And there may be a volume imbalance in there, but I can't tell. My my old eyes won't let me focus on that. But main thing is there's an inefficiency there that could lead to lower prices. And I'm not looking for that going against the primary bullish manipulation of this market's been presently under for a year or so or more. And when we took out this low there, that means that these are likely to get traded to. Why? Because the market is very likely on Fridays when we have a bullish week or a bearish week. It comes off of its extreme. When it's been bullish, it's going to trade off its high and pull back into the weekly range. That range being from here down here to lowest one, which happens to be that run below those relative equal lows. Now, what did ICT show you again this week? The weekly high and the weekly low. Okay. Now, do I have to always get in at the low and the high of the week to take a trade on? No, I don't. I don't have to do that. Okay. Um, let's go and and add some more detail. For those that have not had the benefit of going through the actual teachings that I had when I was doing a paid mentorship behind a payw wall, okay? I had a whole legion of you all around the world that came to me and I don't do that anymore. And I know a lot of you still ask and I think most of you it's because you want me to create a market for that so you can sell pirated versions of it. Okay? I made millionaires all around the world just by them selling my stuff. Okay? And the ones that did that and ran out of money doing it that way, they just started doing their own little mentorships and pretending I don't exist. Okay, so that's fine. Whatever. Whatever gets your family fed. That's how I look at it. So we look at this. This is the ICT monthly mentorship teachings from short-term trading model. And I'm teaching in the latter months I think if I'm not mistaken. I think, please don't hold me to this because I did all these things in 2017 and I know a number of you will know exactly what month content it's from, but check month seven of the 2017 mentorship. I think if I'm wrong, you it is what it is. But it's either month seven or just after that I go in and I start teaching. It may be month six, but I don't know. [laughter] Look at month six playlist. look at um somebody's going to obviously have the um the actual see this this is the part that makes me poor as a as an educator as a teacher cuz I I don't I don't have all that information at hand simply because I'm demanding all of you to have your own due diligence in this. So again, you're getting all this for free. I could have been doing this paid mentorship forever and people would still be buying it and it is what it is. But I'm I'm not trying to do that. Okay. So, do a little bit of work. The leg work is pretty easy. Um, and I'm sure the students will probably come, Kit or someone else is probably going to come in here in the comment section and say, "Here's the video you're going to look for on the YouTube channel, and this is the minute marker, probably where it's going to be shown, and there it is." And and you'll be able to say, "Thank you." And there it is. But what am I getting at? I'm getting at the fact that I was teaching weekly profiles. Now, when you hear that word profile, see, see, I told you he uses market profile. No, I do not. Okay. I profile the market before it even trades, before your little market profile gimmicks even populate that little histogram of horizontal volume. Before it even does that, I already have a vision of what it's going to do, where it's going to trade to, and how it's going to trade there. It's diabolical. My wife's looking at me. Honey, you look amazing. Let me just tell you right now. [laughter] When I'm done this, I want to take you out and be seen in public with you, okay? And I'm pissing some guys off right now. I don't care. You're sing after your wife, bro. Anyway, listen. It's not an ICT video unless I'm off the trail driving people crazy. Okay, it's Saturday. Loosen up already. Good grief. You're not missing any trades. So, what I covered here, I said, look at the economic calendar. Look at what we covered in the beginning of this video with price where it's likely to draw to, what it's not likely to do. It's not likely to go down. It's not likely to take out previous week's low. It's not likely to take out anything but buy side. So, is that bullish or bearish? That's bullish, baby. But now we have the problem, the conundrum of the economic calendar. What days of the week does the economic calendar fall on with high impact news drivers? Well, it just so happens it just so happens that on Wednesday at 8:30 Eastern time, New York local time, the CPI number was due out. and you knew about this for months, just like you know what they're going to be for the next few months. Go look at the economic calendar. Go project it forward. You can plan this stuff ahead just like you know when the Super Bowl is going to be. You know, well, if you're smart money, you know what teams are going to be in the Super Bowl. Don't say stuff like that, ICT. You can't prove that. Well, [laughter] listen. All I'm gonna say is look into it, okay? They hint all the time. They hint all the time before this season even opens up. They put the colors out there and the banner. You'll see it. You'll see if you're looking for it. Okay. So, anyway, they got to tell you what they're going to do. And you have to believe the witchcraft to fall for it. You can deny it and not be a part of it. And that's why I'm not in sports. Okay. So, the idea, and they've done this with UFC stuff, too. MMA, it's all rigged now. I don't care what you say. Argue about it and X with me. I don't care. So the point is this. I have profiles, okay? They're basically weekly schematics on how the market will deliver like a road map. This is mapping. Okay? So when you're mapping, what you're doing is you're anticipating certain things to occur on specific days of the week. Now, think about what I just gave you in terms of the economic calendar. Okay? And we're having fun. I'm being silly and whatever, but really dial in right now, okay? On Wednesday, we have CPI number that came out just this past week. And I told you that price is going to have very reasonable price swings that you can trade on Monday and Tuesday. And then Wednesday, the carnival ride begins at 8:30 and then it continues into Thursday because PPI numbers going to come out and then we have medium impact news drivers for what? Friday. Now, if we look at this little schematic that was done in 2017, an army, a legion, okay, a small nation, [laughter] come on now, were behind a payw wall with me. And probably many more people were watching it all in leaked format, okay? Willing to pay 10 bucks to some goober. If you if you pay me 10 bucks, I'll give you copies of it, too. That's the way it was going on. That's what was happening. And I was carrying all of you on my back, baby. None of you took me down. I'm still here. I'm still here. That's right. But they all were taught this. Yep. In the springtime and summer months of 2017, go ICT sat down. He parted the books of market wizardry that was only been written in by his pen and his pencil on his pad. And I shared a bit of logic with you. This is what the market's going to do visually in my brain. Okay? Because I am Enigma. Enigma is talking to you. I am explaining to you what my algorithm will do. I'm sharing with you how it's going to happen. And none of you really spend time in those core content lessons because you're intimidated by the length. You're intimidated by the the the vastness of the lectures, all the topics, because you're afraid you're going to have information overload. If you're going in there to try to use it right away, that's exactly what you're going to suffer. But when you ask me questions like, "How do you know that the market isn't going to go down and take out those relative equal lows? Why didn't it go down and take out the sell side from the previous Asian market? Why didn't it do this? And why how did you feel confident it was going to do this?" And and why did you pick this? And why'd you expect it to do that? And what made you bullish on this week? And what what it's all in the core content. You have to go through it one time. And then the questions that come up by going through all that, then the learning really begins. But you have to be familiar with it. And you're not going to remember everything when you go through it one time. Okay? You're not because it's literally 30 years of things crammed into videos that you think is already too long, but there is nobody else out there in the world telling you with any discipline. Okay. Find tell me what where is this in woff where is this in order flow where's this in anything else the market's going to start here rally up create an important low on Wednesday and then what happens what happens what happens it rallies into the close of the week why because something's going to occur in Tuesday's crossover into Wednesday that there is something bullish. I already outlined the technicals. I used the economic calendar to frame this is how the market's going to trade. Look, look what it's done. Look at it. Just like that. And this profile is consolidation midweek rally. Is that complicated? If you're brand new, it would seem so. But for the folks that's been here for a little while, been here for a couple years, you're you're looking at this thinking that was there all the time. Yeah. You're going to swear I edited those videos. You're going to swear I edited those videos from 2016, 2017. Every single week it's doing the things I taught every single week. Every single week I'm coming out here on Twitter where nothing's edited and nothing is deleted and you all get to watch me use it. And that's why I'm challenging all of you. When you hear these people, they always come. They'll say, "Oh, he rebranded." Find this in anything. It's not anywhere else. It's not. It's not there. [snorts] But they hope that your short attention span, you'll latch on to that and say, "I believe that this guy's a scammer. It's just too good to be true. All you got to do is spend some time with me. Just spend some time with me and Mr. Wizard will blow your socks off every single week because it's not going to stop working. It's not going to fade away. It's not going to become the retail of trading. It can't it cannot become the insufferable lunacy of retail stuff. Think about it. Look at all the other things outside of what I'm teaching. Everybody's clamoring that order flow is the thing. Volume profile is the thing. No, it's supply and demand. It's trend lines. It's moving average crossover. It's GAN. It's whatever. Who's right among all them? None of them. None of them are right. When they make money, they're in agreement with what I'm telling you. That's the constant. Me, my logic, my algorithm. That's just the simple facts. You can't argue. I'm literally providing it to you in a public forum every single week. Why are you sitting on the fence still? Why are you doubting? Why aren't you in here studying? You're robbing yourself of the joy of being good at this in the amount of time that your body and mind and framework and disposition would permit you to learn it. Well, you're the one holding it back. Nobody else. I've already taught these things, but you're simply just not willing to put the things to task because I told you it's going to be hard. And you want somebody to come out here and be the white knight and say, "I watched all the ICT's videos and I've condensed it down to five minute trainers. Forget everything else and just focus on this." And what they just do told you was that's the thing that resonated with them the most. and you're going to try it and you're not going to know all the other supporting things that they they've learned, but they're not going to ring into it because they want you to subscribe to their channel and they want you to subscribe to their mentorship and you you going to be end up paying for them to talk to you. Every single person that's a student of mine that's ever said ever said, "I'm never going to be doing mentorship. I'm not interested in that." They all started mentorships. Why? Because it's easy money. It's easy money. It's really easy to sell people the idea that they know something that you don't know. And I'm going to tell you something. Many people out there claim to know something they don't know. And there ain't nobody else out there like me that's coming out here every single week and proving it to you for free and enjoying it while I'm doing it. I'm trying to encourage you. I want to encourage you to dig into the things I've spent my entire life formulating, deciphering, receiving directly from the Lord. Whether you want to believe in him or not, I don't care. I don't care. But that's the facts. And yet these things keep hitting every single week. I'm not talking about a thousand different things and then look look throw everything against the wall. Whatever sticks, point to that. See, see where I was right there? That's what common sense will show you that I'm not doing that. I'm calling out very specific things and then I'm using it with executions. And that's why you don't see anybody else, no detractor coming out and saying, "Oh, he's using this, that, and I think he's rebranded it." And I could do that, too. And they never come forward with anything. I always challenge them all the time because I know they can't do it. They can't do it. They can't. I'm literally walking you through the process of knowing what the weekly highs and lows are going to be by experience. You're not going to learn how to do that just by watching my videos. You're not going to have some little trainer video created by somebody else who can't even do what I'm doing. They're not going to be able to teach it to you. They're not going to be able to teach it to you because you have to go through the process of using parts of this information here and parts of this information here. and experience will guide you about this and other things. And there's other weekly profiles in here that talk about very specific generic formulations of how the price action will react, what it's going to do, how's it going to behave. You need to go through those lectures. You're asking me to teach you something that I put lots of time and stress into making sure it was useful information in a condensed manner where it's user friendly. It doesn't feel that way because you're trying to watch 15 videos on a weekend binge watching it and that's not the way you want to do it. So anyway, finish this up real quick. So we have the one minute time frame. So we're at the end of the week now. Okay, we're up in that premium inefficiency from the daily chart I showed you. And right away, we're entering into the last bit of business for Friday's morning session, opening range. And there's the opening price. So, regular trading hours starts at 9:30 Eastern time. And right here, it's Friday. We've rallied up. We hit several targets on the upside. It's likely to go into TGIF, which is retrace back down into the weekly range, 20 to 30%. That's what this level is here. 20% of the weekly range and 30% of the weekly range. Okay. So, rough eyeball it here about halfway. That's about right in this area right there. Okay. And it'll make sense in a moment, but drawing towards previous month's high. Not because it's support resistance. Not because of that. No, no, it's because of its 20 to 30% of the weekly range. Okay? So, I'm again, I'm not trading support and resistance. You're going to lose money trading that stuff. You don't know what support and resistance the market's going to say, I am going to validate that one. I'm going to respect that one. You don't know that. I know which PDA raise it's going to be. I know which liquidity pools. I'm proving it to you every single week. Every single week, week after week after week for years, folks, for years. I got students all the way back to 1996 still watching and they're laughing. They're saying that all the time, send me little emails, send me little messages. Some of them have my personal phone number like most of you and you you all abuse it, okay? And that's why I don't respond to you. But I have long long-term students that'll reach out and be like, "It's still crazy to see how this stuff works all the time, even with all this chaos." Yep. Because it's the market. It is the source code. And there's nobody out there that can take that away or challenging it. it wouldn't it won't happen because my stuff doesn't fail. My stuff is sound logic. It's codified. It's out there where you can see it and weigh against the things I taught and watch what the market does. What I just showed you in this lecture here, you need to be doing this every single week. Go through those weekly profiles every single week. Categorize what is the week? What was the week that just closed? I guarantee none of you are doing that. None of you are doing that. And then you wonder why you don't see things in the future based on what you've seen in the past. Because if there is an algorithm or if there is a rhyme and reason to the reoccurrence of cycles of buying and selling pressure silly that sounds that sounds silly. You got to be a religious nut to believe something like that versus it's rigged. It's an algorithm and there it is. I don't know why you guys are fighting that. Everything in this world is ran by AI right now. Everything. They're literally going to have the military making decisions now with AI. Think about that. There's no algorithm running this market here, this big casino, this big Ponzi scheme. There's no way they would use an algorithm doing that. No way. No way, dude. No way. When they started the circuit breakers, that was the first threshold they were bringing in to bring artificial controls to it. And then it became obvious that oh yeah um nobody complained about that when market should be allowed to crash. If things are bad you should be able to get out. You should be able to sell it at a high and ride it all the way down because it's a dead vehicle. We don't have free markets, folks. We don't have that. We have a Ponzi scheme. They keep fluffing up. Okay. every week there's some kind of excuse to fluff it up to keep the illusion that the economy is strong because the market's up and it's not it's not doesn't equate but it's th it's Thursday crossing over to Friday registering hours now starting up on 9:30 Eastern time on Friday morning right here okay and if TGIF is going to occur it's going to likely draw down minimum right here this this right lend to 30% of the weekly range. That's interesting because that would take it down to previous month's high and previous week's high and trade into previous week's range. it goes down to 30. That means that the opening price at 9:30, if we rally above that power three concept that I teach, which is how the range high and range low is formed, what range am I referring to? 9:30 to 10:00, the high is going to form somewhere in between there. What? I know. I know. It sounds crazy. That sounds crazy, I know, but the market rallies up. Now, if you're going to be met with relative equal highs because we have a high real close to that, this is how you this is how you manage this, okay? Because now you're going to encounter guarded buy side. How do you know when they're not going to take out relative equal highs? I see you many times you're shortening when there's relative equal highs there. What makes you buckle your seat belts, baby? We have a macro time. They don't believe in that. They don't think it happens. But 9:50 to 10:10. Okay. 9:50 to 10:10. That's a big one. Why? Because it's during the first hour of trading, the first hour's dealing range. And it's the close of the opening range, which is 30 minutes long. I don't care what anybody else tells you. Okay. It makes a high here. And now we're pulling back to the 9:30 opening price. It could very well rally up during the macro and take out that high and that high. So I want to see if they're going to guard that. If they guard it during the macro, during the time 20 minutes, you're not going to get the best best fill. You're not going to get it because you're being met with a challenging issue here. It could take those highs out, sweep, and then go lower. I'm not in the business trying to go out there and take losses. I that my goal is not to live through the losses and still be able to come out ahead. That that when I'm looking at the market, I'm not looking at that. Retail trains you to think that way. It conditions you to think, well, losing 60% of the time still can be profitable, so aim there. I don't teach that. Now, can individuals with 40% accuracy strike rate, can they make lots of money? Yes. But you got to be very, very good at managing money, you got to be very good at managing yourself in the model. And you have to be comfortable with taking lots of strikes across the chin and getting knocked out a lot. I just don't want to go through that. So my whole life's pursuit has been focusing on things where I could filter out processes that lead to those things and primarily focus on avoiding the problem areas because that's a wide chasm that nobody has done any work in because there's a real deficiency in there. Everybody can write a book and say this is what I did to make money or this is the stuff I saw in hindsight and this is what looks like it works. I trailblazed and said, I want to go through and see what I have lost real money with and then replaced that with logic that says this is what the chart usually tells you before you fall into this trap. And you don't find that in off you don't find it in Elliot wave. You don't find it in everything else they say I rebranded. I am the only one out here saying to everybody else, you're all wrong. And I have the receipts to prove it every week, every day, and it won't stop. This relative equal high. I want to see it take out that 9:30 closing, I'm sorry, opening price on a closing basis right here. It does it right there. Now we have high lower high lower high on a Friday where TGFI can form. We have relative equal lows that's not showing over here but I show you only on the 15-minute time frame and the likelihood of a draw down to 20% of the weekly range. the highest high that formed on the week, we're likely to see what a breakdown. If we go into this range, which is the low here all the way up to that high, that's 948. I'm doing you the service of if I'm reading that right. I think it's 48. [laughter] I got to find out how to make these numbers down here bigger. if you know how to make it bigger down here on the time axis and over here I think it's just the text setting size isn't it? I think so. Um anyway the high here at 948 and the low right there I'm measuring that and I'm greeting it with the fibs. So I'm putting the octant levels and the quadrant levels on. I'm not highlighting the highest high and the lowest low. That's what's missing. But everything else is here. Okay. And this is the midpoint or consequent encouragement. If you look real close, look real real close. See what's happening here? We have this buy side of balance sell sign efficiency. Okay? Right before that rejection block gets taken out. You ask for these questions and don't complain about the answers. Okay? It's going to require you to know some things. Rejection block, bro, why ain't you talking about uh mitigation blocks? I am I'm just not calling every bit of attention to them every single time they come up. But this rejection block right here is the highs up close. We go up to it and we can't lay a body's close above it. That's what a rejection block does. Go look at month four content. Okay, I'm teaching the PD raise there. [sighs] If it does that, I'm getting a check in the box that says, "Okay, now we're starting to see it likely to be failing." Then does the market come back and overlap over top of this buy side of bounce, sell side of efficiency, which becomes a inversion of fair value gap. If this is in fact going to fail and go lower, I want to see it prove it with this candlestick right here. It opens, trades up, can't touch the high of it, closes lower, outside of it. Is that bullish or bearish? The way I teach order flow, that baby is bearish. Bearish. And now it's also silver bullet time, baby. But not to be outdone. [laughter] We have high low. They took out a low. Model 2022, baby. I don't get any trades in model 2020 because you don't know what you're doing and you haven't backtested enough until you get sick of being able to see it happening all the time in the future because you watch so much of it in hindsight. You shouldn't be trying to trade. You should not be trading if you don't know for certain how your model is going to form today. I know all my models and I know the ones that are more prone to form in any given day. Certain models are just not going to do it. They're not, you know, for like for instance reversal models. If it's a continuation trading environment, that's not that's not something I'm going to go for. Not to say that I can't go down to a 15-minute time frame or a five minute chart or 15-second chart and use that model when I'm bullish to wait for a reversal going at some low or inefficient. then it works like that. But I'm not saying that every model, every single model I have works every single day. And that's not because it fails. It's because the conditions are not ripe for that model to excel in. It's kind of like when when you go to a dentist, okay, or a doctor, they have all kinds of instruments. All these instruments, they're they all have a primary function and there's a tool for every procedure. And I have a model that matches market conditions because of my experience. I know how to match really good models for very specific market conditions based on what I think the weekly profile is going to be for it. Again, that is the schematic of how the delivery is going to happen across several days before price has ever been printed yet on the weekend before the market even opens up at Sunday. I'm looking at those profiles and mapping out how the economic calendar could lead to my PDA race delivering in concert with when the economic report delivers these high impact news drivers. How it would build these profiles, the squiggly little lines that I've given you in 2017. It there isn't a large group of them like you have to choose from. When you're bullish, there's only so many you form. And then look at how they form in the graphic depiction. And how does that match the economic calendar? Oh my goodness. You're telling me, yeah, it's just that simple, baby. All you see now is ones and zeros. Welcome to the matrix. So it breaks below the inversion fair value. Confirms it right there. In the next candlestick here, because I'm up against those relative equal highs, I just want to have a little bit more behind me. I just want to have a little bit more. So, I wait and see. This one here does the same thing. We trade up to it. Gives up the ghost. Comes back down. Well, now I'm comfortable. I'm comfortable with that. And there's a small little gap right in here. It's a fair value gap, but it's a suspension block. Okay. I'm looking at that. And I'm also looking at this wick over here. Why am I looking at that? Because there's a gap here. and to the left of that, the longest wick, my focus is there. If I can be trading as close as I can to about half of that, even if I don't get in at this fair value gap, because I I just want to be in it now, I know it's likely to happen. I know that I got to have at least a stop that goes up to consequent encouragement here. So, I'm going to go with two contracts. You see me doing larger uh position entries on that. But because the stop, it kind of warrants me only using two contracts. So it rolls over. Look where the body's Look at that. The body's right there at consequent encouragement of that suspension block that's bearish. This, my friends, right there is the classic ICT silver bullet that supposedly doesn't exist anymore because they changed the algorithm. Come on. The old man's killing you. It's like I'm throttling you every week. Every time you say something, it doesn't work anymore. I'm coming out here and show. And I know some think, "Oh, anybody could do this. Anybody can make this up after it happens." I know. Hold your horses. Sucks. Hold your for hold your horses. Okay. Once we take out this low, okay, once we take this low out, which we do here, and then we have this drop down. Wonderful. The next candle, we open up and we trade and create this wick. And then we stop right here. half of that consequent encouragement of that wick. Okay, I'm not using that low as support broken turn resistance. I'm looking at that wick and look at the reaction of it there. And then watch the bodies do what I tell you order flow should do. If it's bearish, there should be no bodies buried in the upper half of that wick. So look at this line. It closes right there, not higher. Yes, it spread its wings a little bit here and spread its wings a little bit right here, but it's only doing two things. It's delivering the errant price action that would take us above that wick consequent encroachment PD1 order block opening price change in state delivery rise up to it and down lower the bodies. I'm watching it stay below that wick right there because it's a premium array. Find that like off find that in anything else because it's not there. Goobbers consolidation and it finally gives up the ghost and goes lower hits the low that was formed at 20% of the weekly range which is TGIF. Now we're going to see if we can get to halfway and aim just about but just get out right before because we want a low hanging fruit objective. That's what I teach. Okay, I can teach you precision, but you should not try to get precise in the beginning. Just get a big piece of the meat in the middle. Okay, think about that big drumstick at turkey time, Thanksgiving, or if you like eating chicken legs. The meat is just like right in the middle of the bone. It's kind of like on one side of the bone. Okay? And that's how my PDRs work. When you're bullish, hold the the drumstick or the turkey turkey leg or chicken leg where the side that has the least meat, hold it up from that end. So the biggest piece of meat piece of meat is on the lower end of the drumstick on the lower half of it. If you're looking at it vertically in front of you, if you're bearish, it's going to go up and get the meat there and then go lower. If you're bullish, reverse it. The drumstick's meat's going to be on the upper half. So when the market drops down into the upper half of that drumstick, it's going to consume that. Eat it all up. You see that? Highest production quality around here, baby. I don't even have to push a button. Just like that. See that? No special effects required. I'm a oneman army here. I'm a oneman show. Market crushkin. I can read everything. Or or am I just making it all up hindsight? Is that what it is? Tell me. market breaks lower and goes two previous months high. I don't want to hold for that. Even though I shared that publicly in a tweet, I don't want to hold for that because I could get it wrong because Trump could go out there and sneeze and say, "Hey, they're coming in our borders right now. Get down in your basement." or I just defeated everybody and they said that they're going to open up the straight of Hermoose and what's going to happen markets. So, I know that's likely to occur. So, that's the new that's the new thing we have to worry about in trading, the interference, market manipulation. his tweets aren't really causing that, but they're using them as smokeOKC screens to allow for those things to occur. Okay. I I'm not sure if you knew um what my MO is usually when I when I start off and I start I'll say we're going to do a short little video, it turns into a space. Okay. Um that's what we have here today. And I want you to think about what I've covered so far and what I'm going to say in the closing marks. Everything I'm teaching you here, if it's the first time you're being exposed to it, it just doesn't feel the same as someone that's been with me for a while. Those relative equal highs are not going to get taken out if the things I explained here are true. If there's an inversion fair value gap takes out a rejection block because the bodies are the real volume. I don't need that high to be taken out by the wick. I don't need that. That's a gap for me. And then it trading up into the gap if that's what this wick is. Sure it is. But is it going to do something after that? So it's if it does this then it better do what? It better go down and respect this inversion fair value. It does two candles then it goes lower trades down the 20% of range the wick here defends it says no I can't do anything higher than that but I will go back to Costco encroachment I'm sorry but I will go up to change in the state of delivery which is my order block theory and then it trades lower and here's previous month's high then trades lower to 30% % of the weekly range. That's TGAF. Now, in extremes, it can go down to 40%. But it's extreme. And I don't ever really force that too much. And I've learned, especially in the volatility we've been seeing in the last recent years, if it's going to do 40%, it's probably going to go even deeper than that. And that's just, you know, something that most people aren't going to be holding on to anyway. Uh 20% is reasonable. It's tradable. 30% is, yeah, it could happen. Um, I like to look for half of 20 to 30. So that's like 25%. And that would take us also an agreement with around the previous month's high. And you can see right here at 1011, do you only take trades or can you take trades outside of the macro time? Well, here's that answer. The macro suggests that we're starting to spool. We want to see it take out the low and we want to see it gravitate down to 20% of the weekly range and maybe maybe just maybe get down into the previous week's range and trade to 30% of the weekly range of present week which we just closed. Okay? In other words, basically this level, this level, this level level, and that level, they're all targets to reach for. So, if I had like 10 contracts, I could have took like something off below here, something off right there, something off at midpoint, and then something off below that low, and something here, and leave a partial on, maybe get something below that maybe, and then get stopped out probably for the rest. Okay, I only had two contracts because of the stop requirement. Entry was right here. And then right there is the exit. And I just realized that I don't have the little thing toggled. But thankfully enough, I shared a response to one of my students that shows you the actual price. Okay. So the price uh the fills are actually shown on on X. Okay. And somebody was asking me or saying something to the effect that they've been trying to do silver bullet and they're not seeing the setups or whatever. And it just so happens that I did one on Friday. And I want you to take notice that this is also showing those little arrows here. And also include this on the the posted tweet response to one of my students. Um, if you're doing market replay, which I'm not doing, if you click this little thing up here and toggle that and then hover your little mouse over top of it, it'll tell you if the market's open or if it's closed. Obviously, it's Saturday the 15th of August, 2026. And at the present time of me doing what I'm doing, um, it is 12:29. So, I've been going for a while. Okay. So, you're getting a Twitter space about all this. You can't see this if it's market replay. You'll also see where this is at before you get to these things here. And underneath it, there's like these little control things for market replay. That that's and you can't see any executions. Okay. if market replay was how you used it. If you are able to do this, so that's how you know I'm not using market replay. Okay? I promise you it's not necessary. Um I almost feel tempted this week to just show you [laughter] the difference between market replay and actual live executions so that way you can see it and finally put that to bed because I know some people just think it's just too good to be true. And that's a wonderful compliment. Thank you so very very much for that. But I covered a lot of things here. I covered how do I know when certain relative equal highs or lows are not going to be traded to because they're guarded liquidity. Okay. And I'm looking for very specific things. I talked about, you know, entering outside of the macro. Well, in this case, I needed some more confirmation. Things are going to be there. So, if the macro is delivering and so in so close approximity to a PDA rate, I would trade inside the macro time. I'm only one minute after. There's nothing wrong with that. There's nothing wrong with trading this right here, right there. Why? Because that's an order block, a change in state of delivery. That's, you know, that's outside of the macro. What's wrong with that? That could be a pyramided entry if I felt inclined to build a position larger. But these these executions are two contracts in, two contracts out. And I was aiming for half of 20 to 30% of the weekly range. Okay? So, you have to know your extraction point. You have to know how the smart money is going to leave the marketplace. And that's them leaving it up here, exiting their longs, distributing it, distributing it, distributing it, and then it rolls down and does the things I teach on my video, all for free. It's a labor of love, baby. Hope you enjoyed this. Hope you found something insightful in it. Until I talk to you next time, Lord willing, I don't know when it's going to be. Enjoy your weekend. Be safe.
