================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: Market Review NQ July 31, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uws9egBxPLI
================================================================================

Morning, folks. How are you? All right, so we're going to do a quick little review. And I promise I'll make it as short and painless as possible, okay? Uh I don't know if I'm going to be able to come back later on this evening. But if I can, I will. If I can't do it, I will try to do something very early in the morning tomorrow, okay? Uh something along the lines of uh sin a shadow on Saturday. So, that's basically me me talking. Okay? And I'm not going to be showing you any kind of charts or anything like that. It'll be done through YouTube. So, that way you guys can have the uh hopefully uh the YouTube will convert it to whatever languages you guys are trying to pull up with the the videos I produce. Uh sometimes I go over a little long-winded, and once it goes past an hour, apparently YouTube doesn't want to spend time translating everything. So, uh it's not intentional, but sometimes it happens, like last night. So, uh this is the daily chart here. And briefly, on Sunday before we opened up, the uh the market rallies up into Friday's volume imbalance from last week. Okay? So, we trade up into that, and I said before we even opened up Sunday, it would trade up there and go lower. After FOMC, we rallied all the way back up. And we found our way right back inside of that same volume imbalance. Okay? >> [clears throat] >> So, the weekly low was in fact in place, as indicated. It probably was. And we had a a bit of a follow-through back to where we started basically for the week. I don't know how we're going to close for the week. So, I'll have to see what Friday's today's close is going to be in terms of where we are technically and how we left certain pools of liquidity. So, it's a little early right now. It's 1:00 Eastern time. So, we have a couple more hours before settlement for the week. So, I'll see what happens in regards to that. So, anyway, that's the general theme here. And we're going to go down into the 1-minute chart after I add all the annotations back on. I'm going to drop down to the 1-minute chart. All right. So, I'm going to revisit an idea that I have taught before. I taught this when I was teaching forex and I said that and these are things that I did when I was trading S&P as a futures trader back in the '90s. Um for the folks that are young, that means 1990s. >> [laughter] >> Like my youngest son used to say, "That year old you were back in the 1900s." So, this methodology I'm going to show you, when you really understand market structure, when you understand the range in which price is in, and then also bring in the PD arrays that I brought to the trading community, and their proper use, not just simply because you think it looks like those fair value gaps or you think it's an order block. There has to be some kind of criteria that supports that. And it's a technical support structure behind it. And that's the gradients, the octants, the quadrants, and eventually we're going to get to one more division. Okay, so uh but not not not yet. Don't worry, Christmas coming. So, we have this big run up right here. Okay? Because we made such a fast-paced run higher. Let me scrunch all this up. Look at all this, okay? All these things were given to you last night in review. Look at that. That's brilliant. Rallies up. We have 1 2 3 and a failure [clears throat] swing here. Then we drop back down. We clear up the liquidity here. Okay? In my mind, uh I [snorts] was thinking that it would be rather easy for price to want to come back down in and upset the 28,400. And I was watching that during the pre-market session. So, I actually tweeted and said that this was on the radar for at least my radar. And it's basically these two lows right here. So, let me zoom in on that. Okay. So, we do have this low here that we used in this old inefficiency. So, buy-side imbalance sell-side inefficiency, it reclaimed its first utilization. First utilization is simply my way of describing how it was first presented in price action. So, if it's an up-close candle and it's an inefficiency, its first utilization is that of a bullish fair value gap. It does not mean that simply because we trade down to it, it's going to go up. You still are required to know where you think the market's going to draw to. So, it doesn't eliminate the necessity on your part to to know that facet of the trading. There is no easy shortcut. You're going to have to spend time doing these things I teach, and you'll get it over time. But, see how clean those lows are? Let me take it off for a second. I mean, look at that. That's obvious, right? Not like this. This. So, it left that there like that. So, my eye jumped at that this morning. So, I just said, "I'm going to tweet 28,400 sell side is on the radar." Meaning all my focus all my attention is going right here after 9:30 open. Now, because we have that level there we can go back Now, a little bit of wizardry, okay? This level obviously looks familiar cuz we used it last week. And we have this high and this low prior to the run-up. So, this range low here and this range high is the pre-market dealing range. That means between the hours of 7:00 a.m. Eastern time and that of 9:00. That 2-hour window gives you all the ideas and information you need to weigh out where is the opening range the first 30 minutes or at the very minimum the first 60 minutes dealing range. Okay, so from 9:30 Eastern time to 10:30 Eastern time, that 1 hour of price action you're going to derive a lot of the information that the retail world doesn't know how to get. It doesn't know how to look at the information I'm going to show you here. They're going to have all kinds of other things, okay? And permit me to say this because I have to make contrasts because there's so many people online that are misinforming the public saying that I have rebranded things that are have always been in existence. Just look at last night's video. That's not in anything else. And then look what I did today, okay? So And for the folks that are saying, "Oh, the only thing he's showing you." And they're creaming >> [laughter] >> They're creaming over a screenshot with market replay. Uh yeah, that's not market replay. Thanks for the compliment, though. But, we have this range high and that low, okay? Now, watch. If we take away the annotations just for a moment, okay? And we're left with just this range right here and there. If I take a fib and I send this from the low up to that high right there. You see what just happened? Look at that. Like, where did that come from, right? Well, if you've been a student of mine, you know that I have taught specific range projections and how to get standard deviations beyond a opening range gap, a dealing range, okay? And I gave a couple of the levels out, okay? But, the first one I taught was obviously the 0.5. So, half of the range that you're measuring, you want to get a projection of that. So, what does that mean? Let me show you the fib so you can see it. Every time you see my fibs, you always see this sitting up here like it's lying dormant. Well, when I'm looking for the daily highs and lows, or if I'm looking for session highs and lows, I'm going to use this one right here. Okay? What did he just say? Yeah. I know. Everybody on the internet says I can't do it. It can't be done. Nobody knows how to do it. If you could If you could do it, he'd true he'd prove it to you. Well, here you go. Another day, another proof. But, I'll leave it up to you whether you decide to accept it or not. So, right here we have 28,200 I'm sorry, 28,723 even. Okay? So, now I'm going to take this off. And go back to this. So, if we're saying that that fib puts us up in there. Now, I'll show it to you again. The fib goes to this low. Why? It's the lowest low in the pre-market session. That means the 2-hour window between 7:00 Eastern time and 9:00 a.m. Eastern time. Okay? There's that blue line, and there's a little marker at green. Okay? So, I want to have this on here. So, I can take the fib off. Okay, just for a moment. Incidentally, if you take away this one here, which which well, I'll explain in a moment. Uh this blue line here, I want to mention it so I can get rid of it. This is the high of the daily suspension block, the one that was shaded in blue that we've been looking at since last week and prior to. Uh this is just simply the high. So, I wanted to see how fast we can get down into it and drill into that. It was just a measuring stick for me to determine does it have the willingness to want to get into that range all over again? And we had these lows here, so it's it's reasonable to expect that. And we were looking for the 420,400. That's what that level was. That's the relative equal lows just to the left. All right, so I'm going to take the blue line off cuz I don't I don't need that anymore. We We've accomplished the the method in regards to mentioning it. High and the low. While price was going up, okay? Same thing I've been teaching. Time and price. Time and price grids. What is this low right here? It's 9:00 a.m. Isn't that part of the 8:50 to 9:10 macro? You know, the things that don't supposedly exist. Why is this fair value gap valid? Because it's right here on the lowest octant of that dealing range from here to here. What makes that range specific? Why didn't you go back here, ICT? Why do you use that one? Because that's not the session time I tell you to focus on. 7:00 a.m. So, moving from the 7:00 high or the highest high between 7:00 and 9:00 in the morning Eastern time down to the low that formed here. 8:44 Inside that 2-hour window, I have this range here. That is the time aspect for the grid. Now, the prices are going to be the horizontals. You see that? And you talking about somebody giving you something the keys to the kingdom of the market, baby. That's what this is. They are never ever ever ever ever going to be able to hide this from you. Because all of us, no matter where we are around the world, we all have a clock. We have time. We know what time it is as long as you know it and if you're wrist watch or your telephone is set to the proper time, you know what time it is. And the time is always New York local time. I don't care what anybody tells you, okay? I promise you that's the way it is. Now, this is the time portion of the grid. Where do you Where do you frame it? From the highest high and the lowest low. Now, ring in lowest octant, lowest quadrant, next octant, Consequent encroachment. Next octant. Upper quadrant. Last octant and then the high. So now inside this little tiny space here. We can see how Look at this. That's a sell side imbalance by side inefficiency. It trades up into it here and it agrees with this level. You can sell short there. Because this is a valid sibi. Look at this. This here is touching this octant. Market trades up into it there. Sells off. One more time trades up into it again. What time is that? Look what it did here. 7:36. It sells off. What does it do? It just takes out that small little swing low right there. Let me zoom in for you. I want you to appreciate this lecture. Okay? Cuz I could be keeping this stuff under wraps still. Okay? And this still ain't my best. It still ain't even close. We haven't even got the 20% yet. We haven't even got the 20%. We're just hanging around that 15 and 1/2 16% of everything I know. Ain't that interesting? It makes it very fun knowing that there's no lack of dough with this baker. Okay? I used to say yeast but it kind of freaky cuz you know yeast infections. You get itchy. Yeah, just I don't want to use that. So I I just plenty of dough with this baker. Okay? The proverbially and uh Well, monetarily. So the low here, it goes from that fair value gap there and drops down and takes out that little tiny swing low. And then it rides right back up to it here. So this sibi and we have a short term buy side liquidity pool right in here. Draws right back up into it again. Now we're entering the macro. So here's 750 to 810, right there. Okay? So we're trading up into it. We're at the key level. We're trading inside of a fair value gap and sudden rush to go down. Why didn't it just drop right here from this fair value gap, ICT? Why does it not go down when it goes in there? Because it's not the right time. You got the right price. You got the right fair value gap. But it's just simply not time, baby. And then drops. Okay? Notice that when we're moving lower, everything that we see in price action should agree with these levels and the direction in which price should trade to. This run up in here, this is an octant right below the midpoint. This is consequent encroachment. So that's we have a sibi here that lays right on that one. It trades right up to it there. And it's at 8:30. Well, that's not a macro time. And look what it did, right? It's not a macro time in terms of the 5020 or 5010 rather. 50 minutes past the hour, 10 minutes past the new hour. That little 20-minute window. But 8:30 is an algorithmic time. That's usually when news is released. And it's very influential. Okay? So 8:30 is always a time when you're expecting price to spool. You see what happens? All these things and rules I keep telling you that this keep happening randomly, right? Completely random. All the buy and selling pressure agreed right there. All the buyers said, "Oh, we're not interested anymore. We're going to ease up on the pressure." And the sellers came in, we're bringing the pressure. And it trades down, takes out the low, trades down, makes the low. Okay? Now, same thing. Okay? Buy side imbalance, sell side inefficiency. It's trading back down into the here. During what time? The macro. 8:50 9:10 Rip higher. Okay? This should act as a breakaway gap. It does. Can it trade back down into it? Rallies up. In here Now, here is a caveat. If you see a suspension block or a volume imbalance the candlestick that creates the volume imbalance like this like this is the low of this here. This is a buy side imbalance, sell side inefficiency. There's a small little tiny little gap in there. But if there's a volume imbalance, you cannot use just simply this candlestick to touch the octant or key level basically. All these things are. You have to refer to the candlestick that allows for the volume imbalance to be there. You see that detail? Right there. Look at that. That means this candlestick right here tells you that this gap is valid if it trades down into it. Institutional order flow entry drill. And look how much energy it gives you. Boom. See that? Only the highest of production quality right here. That sound effect cost me a lot of money. Here, I'll press it again. Boom. Look at that. Buy side imbalance, sell side inefficiency. Why? Because it's touching the consequent encroachment level. Okay? And it's at the midpoint. Midpoint of what? The range from high down to the low during pre-market session. So, this should act as what? Measuring gap. It should be something that measures a continuous run up to the old high. It can keep going higher. But remember, we have a measurement once [clears throat] this comes and breaches 50%, it's likely to keep going higher. So then if it does take out this high, and we do that projection I just did with the fib, calling for 28,723 even. We'll get that in a moment. This is telling me it's halfway to here. And we get this by side balance side selling efficiency. There's a volume balance at the high. There's no volume balance at the low. So we don't need to worry about anything in regards to picking a different candle to the left. This one here it is. So we have a bullish fair value gap there. Trades down into it here and trades up. Same bit of business here. There's your candle. Fair value gap. Right before the opening. Runs and rips higher and blows right on through this high. So we're watching I was telling my sons I think we're going to go up into that volume imbalance from last Friday. That started off the week where I told you it was going to trade up into it before the even before the week even started. I said we're going to trade up to it and sell off as a swing trade idea. And that was given in public forum in the trader round up X space with Kit and Company. So you can go watch that still on there. I actually took a snippet of it and put it on my Twitter. And hopefully Kit doesn't mind that, but it's free advertising for his stuff, too. >> [laughter] >> So here we have the the ripping higher. And we have our projected high. Why should this be a projected high? Why can I go in there and look in the go short there? Why? Because we're above this. So there's buy side layered up into last week's Friday new day opening gap. This also shares the spatial uh range of the daily volume amounts I told you about when we were looking at the daily chart before we went down to one-minute chart. This is where that was. This is the same range, [clears throat] okay? So, that that movement towards this level, as it gets in here, I'm going to hammer that. I'm going to sell right into that. And I know some of you are like, "How do you know?" Experience. And I can't give you that. You can't purchase it from me or anyone else. They can tell you anything they want to get you to buy their Discord, to buy their mentorships, to buy their Telegram channel access, to buy their 900 hotline, their OnlyFans, whatever it is. Okay? But no one's going to be able to transfer the experience, and I wish I could do that because I would have already left the internet. I would have left it already because I would have said everything I had to say, and then there's no more fun in it. See, I love keeping you in a state of new discovery, but I'm not holding you back. I'm allowing you to grow at a very healthy rate. And you're keeping yourself understanding more and more without having too much effort. You Some of you already think it's too much information. It's overload. I see some of my students all the time say, "It's too much." No, it's not. It's too much to swallow at one time. But if you bite it and chew it slowly, that's how you devour the elephant, and that's how exactly how I started all this stuff. You want it fast. Fast and furious. And the only thing it's going to be is you're going to try to learn it fast, and you're going to be furious because it didn't work in your hands because you don't have the experience. You like that? I don't know where this stuff comes from. It's a It's a It's a gift. It's just a gift. But because it trades up there, okay? And we're hitting that new day opening gap and its consequent encroachment of that, we hit it and we want to see it aggressively rip lower. Now, I can take the opening price at 9:30 right there. And this has no basis for what I'm going to show you now. And then we're going to go down to the settlement price on regular trading hours opening range time. Or regular trading hours rather. I think that's 24.75, right? Is that what it is? I got to find out. Hold on 1 second, folks. Close is 24.75. Yeah, I was right. Why do I second-guess ICT? Good grief. Yeah, but it, man. All right, so 24 70 74 75. There you go. All right, so now that gives us a new range. It What range is this? The open Let me double-check that price. Open is 76 3/4. And the fib is not right. I'm doing it wrong. 76 3/4. Hold on guys, hold on guys. Open 76.75. And then this level here 24.75. >> Yeah. Sometimes it's got to check yourself, man. You got to check yourself before you wreck yourself, ICT. So, here we have the opening range gap from 9:30 opening price drawn down to 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. I promise you it's good information. Here's consequent encroachment. So, by 10:00 it's 70% likely it's going to trade back to that. All the way back up from here. Now, I know that sounds crazy. Who in their right mind would think it was going to go up there and turn around and be short from there? Well, I got it on good authority that there's a man No, I'm just kidding. There's uh a quick sudden rush down here and we get the 70% delivery. We have sell-side below here. And then, as I tweeted, I said that 28,400 sell-side was on the radar. And again, what that is is these relative equal lows that are really smooth right in here. Now, even though that sell-side's there, I just saw that and went with it. And I just want to give you every now and then I'll toss out my target that I think is a viable place to see where price is going to draw to for the opening range. So, during the morning session your job is when I toss out a level like that See, I'm not giving you buy and sell signals. I'm not going to set you up like that. That's what you want. You want to copy me. You want to start something. You want me to get in the business of being out here every day showing you where I'm getting in putting stop losses. And then then you're going to open up Discord and going to sell signals. You're never going to mention my name. You're going to get fat checks every month because people are going to think that you're the BSD and [snorts] you can figure out what that means. Big swinging darling. And I'm not setting you up for that. I already put people into mentorship roles just by mimicking whatever I taught. I'm I'm going to do that with the actual trading. That's mine. You can't have that. Okay? And you're simply never going to get that from me. So, we trade through that 28,400 and then go down even lower down back to yesterday's 4:14 p.m. Eastern time settlement price. And hammers it. Look where the bodies are at. Then we go right back up to that pool of liquidity I told you about. Isn't that crazy? Body stops right there. It's almost like the guy has a time machine. I can't I can't get my hands around what it is he's doing, but he knows something. And I'm going to get to the bottom of it. I know that's what most of you are thinking, but you're never really going to get all of it. You're never going to get it all. Okay? But, I'm going to give you a whole lot more. You just got to hang out with the old man. It's fun, isn't it? It's fun. And it rips lower and finally this keeps on down. Now, I wasn't watching the price here. I was talking to my youngest son. I was talking to Caleb and then I made breakfast. And then I relaxed. And I relished in the idea that there are people out there that literally want to believe with all of their being, every fiber of their being, that what I'm talking about has to be hindsight. It has to be faked. It has to be market replay. All right. So, anyway, here's the business. There. And there. Look at that. Look at that up there. Isn't that crazy? Now, I already shared this on X. I recorded the the video. I was talking to my son Caden and talked to my son Caleb. And I explained to them what was going to happen and it delivered rather handsomely. The one thing I did incorrect, I I wanted to take one of the contracts off right there, like right here. And my eyesight isn't what it was when I was a younger man. I thought I had changed that to one and it was still at three. So, I I peeled off three when it should have been just one. And then I would have taken off one here and I want to leave a runner just in case if it can get down to the regular trading hours opening range gap. But, because it closed with three, it kind of like caused me to be discombobulated. Okay, it took me out of sorts. So, I decided, "Okay, we'll just we'll just roll with this and be done with it." And it finally going down to my target, which was 28,400 sell side, which is what I tweeted this morning. So, um you can go to the tweet on my X feed, grab it, copy the the link from it, and go to the TradingView, and then just right-click on it, and then click paste, and you'll see that the tweet will go right to where I posted it. And it looks like ICT got it wrong. I'm sure the trolls are loving this. They're like, "Yeah, haha. Look what's happened." Yeah, all it's going to do is give me the high of the session, and I'm going to short it right from there. How about that? How about that? Catch me outside. How about that? Shorting the high of the day. Okay? And then rally down, rally down, rally down to the target, and I don't care what it does after that. I don't care what it's doing. I moonwalked all over this again. Again. So, it wasn't even that big of a position, either. That's what's fun. And 23,000-ish in a few minutes. Getting in on this candle here. 9:34. Selling on the position. 12 minutes later. Yay! Okay? No little tiny fluctuation in here or somewhere in here because you're panicking. You don't know where the market's going to go. And as soon as you get something, you just want to close the trade out because people are watching you. People are watching you. You got to do something that makes money, baby. And there's me and my students who don't have a problem holding. Okay? Because we know where we're looking for price to go to. We have confidence in the model. We have confidence in the algorithmic delivery of price action. We are not guessing, folks. Look at this, man. Seriously. Come on. You think that's guessing? Here, let me let me show you. Um let's go down into What time is that? 9:35. Let's go down to a 1-second chart. Okay? And we're going to go to today at 9:00. I know this is overkill, but I I need you to see it. Uh Yeah, that's a good I'll do that. All right, 1-second chart. I do the right time? Make sure I did the right time here. Friday, the 31st. And we want to see at 9:00 45 a.m. There we go. I knew I was I was going to get it right sooner or later. All right, so here we have the 1-second chart. And whenever the the the chart populates and it shows you these little tiny arrows and they're stacked up real close, you can't really appreciate where the actual entries are. So, I tossed one in because I I was afraid that it was going to jump up there. Now, when I say afraid, I want you to know that I I I wanted to make sure I had maybe the the momentum moving into that new day opening gap from last Friday. That I just tossed one in there. And also, by putting in one contract, it gives me a direct link to order flow. Right now, I have something in the race. I want to see does the price action support everything based on that entry because if it's going up and I think it's going to go up to that 28,000 723 level. Right there. And I stop right there. It's almost like I'm the algo. The bodies, look at that. I really really really really really take this in, folks. Look at this. Look at that. I only have seconds to use market orders. So, I'm reading price action. I toss one in cuz I want to be in there just in case I'm wrong. I could be wrong. It may not get to that level. It may just get real close to the end dog and then give me something I got to re- refer to as maybe an inversion fair value gap that I shorted into. But at least I tossed something in there. Now I got something in the race. And I'm not worried about all this cuz it's it's small. It's small. I'm I'm paying a premium to get intel and information. And it hits my level, right there. And then immediately it's giving me the feedback I'm looking for. You don't see it, but I'm seeing the one second chart. What's this? What is that? To buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency. It's touching a key level. Why? Cuz this is that projection using that dealing range I told you between 7:00 and 9:00 in the morning. Negative point five. Market wizardry. Breaks lower. Inversion fair value gap. Breaks. Entry. Entry. Entry. Entry. I'm just tossing it in there. And it's all part of this last little bit of a run that has one two three bodies. Count the bodies, not the wicks. Every one of these is a swing high. Okay? And this one here. If If you just got one in this area up here and held for the sell side liquidity pool I gave in public domain on X, you would be you would be tickled pink. And it takes a great deal of conviction to know what you're looking for in here. Okay? So, when we're testing for daily highs or daily lows or session highs and session lows, you'll see many times I'll toss in a single like down here. If I'm doing that, I'm trying to get a read on what the market does with that specific order. I'm not going to be fearful of it drawing down on me. I want to see new PD arrays. It It helps me bring a lot more focus or interest in just simply pushing the trade and get in there and and watch what price does. It It's not the same as just watching price by itself. By having something to weigh and measure against, by having even if it's a demo trade, you don't even realize that if you trade with your live fund account or if you trade with your prop firm account that if you make money you can get withdrawals from it, if you have a demo that you're operating with and maybe like keep a window open on it and if you just get an unction that you think it's going to do something, before you take that trade in your actual funded account or your live funds account, throw in one. Throw in a micro and just get a feel for what it's doing. And you'll know that either you're on side or you're off, but if you're off, it allows you to get more information and read, does it is it really getting to that best turning point here? Cuz if it does, once it gets there, then I'm going to load the boat. Start sending in the infantry. You know, start selling short. And again, these are all 1-second candlesticks. So, the entire high and low. So, you might be looking to say, "Why'd you get down in here? And why Look at this fill down here. Look at that. Look at that down here at the low cent. You got 1 second. Okay? You get 1 second. It It's It's not It's not as easy as you think it is. If you watch a 1-second candlestick, you'll see that it's so fast, you're not going to be able to do the little fluctuations in here like this. But you're going to get intel as it's printing. You can see the real order flows taking place. You don't need to go in the footprint. You don't need to go in all the other stuff, okay? Open high, low, and close, a time-based candlestick. Or open high, low, and close if your eyes can let you deal with I spent a lot of time in my youth looking at those and discovered I There was a long time I resisted candlesticks cuz I was like, "This is trash. Larry Williams doesn't use that." >> [laughter] >> You like that? How about that, Mr. Williams? You said you didn't like looking at them. You just like an open high, low, and close. And I was like, "You know what? He said that, and I'm going to stick with that." And I ended up hurting my eyes because I I was squinting at the open high, low, and close versus the candlestick here. >> Mhm. >> Mhm.
