================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: Trading In High Resistance Liquidity Run Conditions - July 21, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tp0qkiWCctw
================================================================================

camera. Too big for me. I have to use a handkerchief as a makeshift hillbilly belt cuz that all right. We're recording right now. So, all right, folks. Welcome back. We're here with uh the notorious Caleb. He's sitting to my right here. So, um just a real brief review. Yesterday, the market did in fact go down to the objectives I gave guidance on in the pre-market video. So, it went up to go down. So we have uh those fills here version and then uh I shared my stop loss publicly. That's what I was telling you when you first got here. As soon as I share my stop publicly, they run on it and then I don't talk about getting back in. I just do it. and I went short again and then went down and got the levels got out near the low of the day then over crossing over into electronic trading hours we went lower now these lows here these are a little suspect for me I don't I don't think that they're all that strong I'd like to see a little bit of an attempt to rally and then see if it can run down into these lows So, we'll see. I'll change this to a dashed line. So, there's a relative equal lows. Um, let's get back up here where it's at. So, this is a 60 minute or 1 hour chart balance sell sign efficiency. I mentioned yesterday that we would likely go down, take out those relative equal lows. I just showed I covered that and then work our way up into here. Now, in this area, I want to see it kind of fail to get in the upper half, like hit it, then start to break down. Uh, these relative equities down here, I like that as well. And we're opening up basically with a enormous gap. It's a it's a premium gap. So, that's the previous settlement right here. Sh opening range got low. So there's the uh the run up into the 60 minute by side balance sell sign efficiency. There is today's opening price at 9:30. So we're up in here. So, I want to sell short one contract [clears throat] and uh I don't want to go any larger than that today because I got a good week going. And the only thing really I'm acting on is that 60-minute buy out of balance set efficiency and a huge huge huge delay. this standard for Trading View. Apparently, stop loss put to there. I'll come back up here in a second. uh sell side. We're going to aim for that. See, there's a sell side there. Look at that sell off. Brilliant. Look for that right there. and still hasn't even updated the the stock loss trading view. Man, you're going to have to fix your show this now gave the updated on the stop loss. Now we took out these relative equal lows. Next point of interest is this sell side here. Even though this low went lower than these here, I still think that these over here, that's the uh that's the ticket. So, let's see where they filled me at. Right here. I'm going to put my stop loss right below the fill and risk getting stopped out. But I I don't want to sit in any kind of retracement back up in this wick. I want to leave it just as it is. And there's a small little gap right in here. There's your first. According to your model, that would not be your first percent I got, but I'm going to note it anyway. I'm using that as a defensive PD array. And there's a smaller one right in here, which I really don't want to see it go up there because my stop loss is really close to that. like wait to see it really work its way lower, get below here and just accelerate down into that relative equal low. is that it's going to definitely be in there. So, I'm looking at this little area in here since we used it as a key level in the previous areas. This should be an inversion fair value gap. So, initially it's a buy side bounce outside efficiency there. They want to see price kind of like use this to stay lower and heavier. Let them in through the bedroom and close the door. There's a wick in here that's longer than this one. So this wick on this candlestick there, this longer one, I'm wa I'm watching that and it's consequent encroachment or midwick level right there. I'd prefer not to have a body above that. Now it needs to turn that into a wick and go lower. We've done enough in here for short term, but I think this and this area down here still still in the realm of possible. So that's that's the whole bit of distance right there. My stop loss is pretty significantly higher than the average stop loss for a short, but we're in a very volatile market, so it's already stretching way more than I wanted to see it do. So this There's a stop out. So, it's not not a loss, but it didn't give me much in terms of uh profit. Big volatility, though. Big volatility. So, I'm going to go in again. I think that was a stop out for anyone that was looking for those lows down here. I'm still going to look for that there and stop loss right there. Little bit of size on that one, but I think that was nice manipulation there. The body, look at the body right there. See how it didn't lay on the midpoint of that gap. So consequent, even though we wick through it, that's this is manual intervention. That's them going in there running against anyone that's short. It went right back up to that low of that 60 minute or 1 hour bounce sell sign efficiency from last Wednesday noon. Now I want to see it over the next few candles here really accelerate down taking out that low there. You see how fast they ran up there like that? >> Yes. So, because they ran up so quickly and they left this pool of liquidity and they left the relative equal lows that we're aiming for down here, I mentioned over again there. The fact that we ran up here so quickly, I felt it was just a run on everyone that's profitable going short. And this is t it's a typical. It's a Phil. It's a Phil uh maneuver. P H I L Phil, not Phil like F I L L. Like you got Phil in a trade. It's the guy that's in control of screwing people. Spread that way. When there's manual intervention, Phil is a foot. Long as we keep body out of the upper half here, it should be okay. Otherwise, if it runs right from here and goes higher, I don't know what it's going to do. I'm neutral on the day then. Still an enormous opening range gap. So, from where we opened here all the way down So there, that's the gap. That's where we're at. So you know, can it be small little retracement and then keep going higher today? Sure. But I'd prefer it try to make an attempt to go lower. Watch this wicks midpoint. rejecting it. The bodies are staying in the lower half of the gap. It's right here. Really want to see it start to work its way lower here. [snorts] subsequent encroachment on the R trading hours. Opening range gap is It's an enormous gap, man. This is so It's so large. I got to be able to bring the fib on my lay down here. So it's this level I got to anchor it to still it it's delaying just adding the lines on the fib. That's how terrible trading view is now this. So here's half gap. So, I'm going to lower it down to just above this level here and see if I can get that half gap draw. Got about 17 minutes till 10:00. So, 70 70% likelihood that we'll uh draw back to half gap. I'm going take these other levels off. get them on transaction. And I'm going to remove all risk here so that way nothing can happen on the day to turn it negative. It's already done enough damage up here. Okay. So by going up to that hourly possib efficiency, I just got to weather all this back and forth until we lose this low. Once we lose this low, I'll probably Let's see. I think I'll take off I'll take one off underneath those relative equal lows we were aiming at earlier. So that's these over here. Okay. So that wants one off there. And then if it takes that out and fills me on it, then I'm going to bring the stop down just above this high of that candlestick right there. And then I'll just let it stay there and see how close we can get if not all the way down to reg trading hours open range gap consequent encroachment midpoint mid gap basically it's really wild in here this morning really wild there's a little bit of a cibby in here I don't want to see it go in the upper half of that so let me annotate that so you can see what I'm talking about so is your volume advance the high end and then you have this wick like there and then that that and that. So, keep the bodies out of the upper half. Touching that right there is okay. I don't want to see it leave a body up there. This is like the last line of defense for where my stop is. And I would have preferred it left this entirely and just worked lower. But if it can drop out of here pretty heavy and run below these lows and that low here, I may have escaped. [snorts] I may have escaped. Right now, it's still in jeopardy because of the volatility of the first 30 minutes. Sink it. Just sink it right in there. We'll send it down here. So, we had that big long wick. We don't want a body left above half of that. So that level right there. So basically it's the low. We don't want to see a leave body back inside of that that range. So I'm going to take that off. It's a little too many things on the on the chart. Now I just realized by making the magnification smaller, they're probably really struggling when they watch this video because the the text is really really tiny. See how he just bumped the low of the Cibby again. Now look at the reaction. Get heavy right in here. Just get real, real heavy. Work your way lower. Take out that low and don't even stop there. Just accelerate right through it like a hot knife through butter and rip into this. That's what I want to see. Look how much give back in here and all this volatility in here. Like if I would have been in there with my standard six and four 10 contracts, this this would have been a whole lot more concerned to be to be managing because the size of which the fluctuations of the unrealized profit and loss. It's it's much more to manage when it's like this when you're trading with size. Whereas this is only three contracts. It's it's a big deal. It's like it's not even that big of a deal. I mean, nobody wants to lose, but you know, we're at here. This hasn't had the capacity to turn into a loss. And the other fill right inside that that gap right here. See it right there? Here's where that bill was. >> I don't like how long it's taking in here. It needs to start showing really long stretched out down close candles. Get get below here and rip through that level and reach down into here. And I may be a little too uber zealous with this because of how it's behaving this morning. So, just go underneath that level by a little bit. See how it's like uh it it's like real fickle. It it starts to do it, then gives away, jumps back a little bit, gets real close to it, flirts with it. It needs to show a really strong just dump out of there and go right into these lows. Don't even worry about stopping and using this like a like a speed bump. Just ramp up and go right down into that. That's what I want to see. I'm going to lower this now to just make sure I get a little bit more juice out of that lemon. I'm going to put it right around that midpoint of that cibby. If it goes out and stops me out, that's fine. I'm not going to pursue anything else the rest of the morning. Even though I think that we could potentially go down to half gap. So, between where we opened up at 9:30 on a 9:30 uh candle all the way down. Oh, come on. Let's see it. Let's rip down there. Come on. Let's secure at least that one partial there. And then I I could care less really if the turns are on me then because it's like a moral victory. The students get to see that it's still one more time where the stuff's I forgot to show that it's not market. These people always try to say, "Oh, it's market replay." It's actually not market replay. All right. So, see what it's doing here? I don't like that. Here's that short-term low, and they're keeping the bodies right at and above that. And they let the wick go down. So, Phil probably already knows I'm looking for those relative. He knows I want them right there. He knows it. So, I got to just be real quiet. I haven't said anything this morning to anybody on the internet. I've kept everything close to my vest. I don't want to I don't want to share my cards yet only because I had such a wonderful Monday. Monday was this like you should have been here like that that actually turned I told you not to worry about it but it turned out to be a very very good morning and then the afternoon session. So >> yeah the reason why I didn't drop by you oh it doesn't look like it's going to be eventful. Okay. >> Yeah. But these actually these days here are actually better for you to sit with me because they're hard. Like they're very very hard to sit through and you got to weigh out whether or not things are still germanine to the trade idea that you entered in on. I'm watching this little city here with that volume and balance. Eyes like focusing right inside here. That's what I'm looking at. If they can keep bodies out of that altogether, it's that's better. But I don't I don't want to see it overtake and leave a body on the upper half or outside of it. That's not good. That's good. I like that. Just come up. Just fall right out of bed and get right back below here. So short-term sellside below these lows have been taken, but I want to see it now accelerate down through this. [clears throat] Now, normally if we wouldn't have had all this back and forth in here, look how much time these candles have shared in this range. Lots of price action shared in a few number of candlesticks. That is high resistance liquidity run conditions. That means it's very very manipulated. It's highly highly uh likely that you could potentially get stopped out and still see what you think is going to happen and price action still deliver. So this is what I teach my students not to participate in. Um I was only only in one of my students live streams this morning. I just basically said just be careful. Um so we got that bit of a a run there and remember I was telling you when we went at that low they were keeping they were keeping the uh the candlesticks at and above. See how they did that? Whenever you're watching a liquidity pool right below an old low and you want to keep going lower, you don't really want to see this type of event. You want to see them laying bodies underneath it. So, if they can bury bodies below that low you're looking for to break through, that's a confirmation. A retracement or a reversal is signified by something like this. And you just watch me outline it again. They've seen me do these things before, but that's a telltale sign. You got to be careful. And I'm I'm in striking distance of getting stopped out. I'm going to buy one before the stock gets hit just to have a moral victory over them not taking the stop before I took something out. [clears throat] That's what you do when you're managing a position. If you if you entered a position and it looks like it's going to run for your stop and you have time to take it off and you're wrestling with what should you do as soon as that thought jumps in your head, the first thing you do is take something off. Just take it off. It feels like a reward. It feels like a relief. Um it's just managing your trade psyche. That way if it starts to fall out of bed again and we go below this then I have one less thing to worry about because it's not about being the right or wrong part of the equation. It's simply you reacted in a manner to manage your ability to stay with the trade and not just completely close it because it's you know it's not fear it's concern and managing risk impeccably. Now that was almost that was almost encouraging when I saw it like that. So this is extremely difficult. I don't expect my students to be doing well right now. Like this is very hard. This is hard for me. So it needs to respect this here and drop. If it's going to go, it's going to do it on this candle or the next one or I'm smoked. See where my stop is? It's basically at relative equal highs. So, he did a good job laying it out there like that. >> Make sure cut. Would you say this is a dominant field of play that kills a lot of traders in their accounts when they try to get into these types of markets? >> Yeah, I mean that's the nature of why they are what they are. high resistance liquidity run like they're coming for everybody. They'll move the price lower because everybody knows the gap is likely to get filled or attempt to fill the gap. So, everyone that's trying to go short, if you watch what they're doing, they're ripping back against them and one of two things can happen. That usually is indicative of you're just going to get beat up all day and you probably won't be in the market when the market moves to where you thought it was going to go or eventually it loosens up after it beats up enough traders and then violently goes to where you think it's going to go. But the the fatigue mentally in here managing throughout all these wild retracements, the average new trader or inexperienced trader, they don't have it. They don't have it in them. they don't have in their tank. So, they end up just tossing it up and saying, "Forget about it. I'm just going to close it here." Or they get so scared they strangle the position by bringing a stop loss too fast lower. And you know, I'm still in in striking distance getting stopped out like it could very easily do this and stop me out. But what I'm trying to do is showcase how given the conditions that we have the economic calendar today and this week um where we opened how we opened I only want to stick on one side and I'm teaching them to like I taught you use the gap as that magnet that draw the half gap. That's the influence. And you can see predominantly we've seen the majority of the price move thus far from the high of the first minute candle at regular trading hours at 9:30. It went down more than it's gone up. That doesn't mean it can't just rip right over top my stop loss and make a new higher high. It just you have to have something. What are you going to start the day with? Are you going to go short or you going to go long? And the easiest way to teach bias is to teach morning session bias. So, between 9:30 and 11 o'clock or 10:30, where did we gap? Did we gap higher or gap lower? Find the mid gap. There's your there's your your target. Aim for that. You might miss it. It might not go there, but at least it gives you a simple framework to start with it. See how much time it's spending? Look at all these candlesticks in here. Like look, look at price like this. Like in here to here. All these candlesticks are sharing that range. That's high resistance liquidity run. Low resistance liquidity run conditions are where we just stretch out and we have one or two candles in a range taking up you know a specific price range and it keeps going lower. It's it's stretching out like like taffy. You pull it, you pull it out, pull it out and stretches, gets thinner and thinner and thinner where this is staying really efficiently back and forth, back and forth, punishing me and everybody else that's already short. So now we're watching, we took this low out. So now we want to see how it behaves at that low. I want to see it body go down below half this wick. These are uh these are lectures that you'll see in the comments later on tonight. They'll say something to the fact. I wish you would have did this live because it would have been helpful to them. But I got to be careful because there's so many people out there that want to act on my opinion that it literally creates the very thing I teach is what we're targeting, liquidity. Like I don't want to be the catalyst to create liquidity. And if I put everybody's eyes on a specific price point, like like if I share where my stop loss is here, it would have got smoked already. It definitely would have got smoked. >> Look how close it got with that. >> I got to lower it down a little bit simply because we started moving in favor. So now if it comes back, I've got more than I would have if I would have left the stop where it was. And it's all part of managing risk. So we just took another lower low. And there's another limit order resting right down here. I want to see it get to that again. No market replay here, guys. None of that stuff. We're real close to it, huh? Look at that. Now, if I were Phil, I would run right back up to those relative equal highs mid midsy. And it would it would take me out of my trade. But if I was making the market today, that's what I would do. And then I'd wash it all out. Nobody would see that coming. and it would make everybody afraid to get back in if they're shortened. So, come on. Pump it down there a little bit. Be really nice to get that that first partial and I'd have two off of three and the last one becomes really easy to to manage. I don't care where where it goes. Then see how people can lose their minds doing this. That's why I teach that using the economic calendar, market structure, day of week, time of day, uh the the very specific draw and liquidity that's obvious on the daily, obvious on the 4 hour, obvious on the 1 hour chart. Those are the ones that are going to re and that right there just went over most people's head. They're not even going to write that down in their journal, but they'll watch this video, you know, years later and come back to and say, I don't remember hearing that. That was that's that's a really good thing. Right. Exactly. But those draws on liquidity are are the best because you're blending several things there. And then that is what promotes low resistance liquidity run because it's so easy, so obvious. And the obvious when you're trading with real money and you're in a trade and your stop loss is very, very close to getting stopped out, it doesn't just drift to your stop loss. It just runs right to it quickly. And that's because that stop-loss is an obvious run. Price runs in in market structure that are obvious, they don't go there gradually. They go there quickly because they don't pe they don't want people taking their money out of the market and protecting their loss or minimizing their loss. They don't want them being able to do that. They want them to take the largest loss available to them. So, they're going to quickly run for that liquidity or go to their order, which could still happen to me here. We left bodies under that low and that low here. We didn't get down to those relative equal lows there. This is the definition of high resistance liquidity run conditions. Those are obvious, but look how much of a retracement back inside all that range is there. Last line of defense is this entire box cell side efficiency acting as a inversion fair value you got that's all I got defending me now that's it which ain't much [snorts] and kink got me. So, another $1660 in trading view delaying. Look at that. I told you they're going to come right back up for the That's Phil. That's Phil for you. So, we're waiting for uh There you go. Finally filled it. And there's my fill. Right. Great. Look right here. You'll see the the fill right there. So, I'm going to step away from this. I'm going to be content with this. Um, it's done a few things that were favorable. Um, if I would have had this objective lower, if there would have been more range available to me before just getting below that low like it did there, it was worth me trying to see if I can get it. If I wouldn't have done it, let me take that lemon off. Let me If I wouldn't have uh had it so close in proximity to that low, I would have been more inclined to take one of those two remaining contracts off when it was just below here. And they've seen enough examples of me doing that. But here, I elected to go and see because it's so close. You know, it's it's worth it to see see if it could drop down in there. It just wasn't in the cards for it to happen yet. So anyway, that's the business for this morning. So there's the executions. There's that. There's me. There's another one there. Again, these guys, they uh they always they'll post and they'll say stuff like uh why don't I ever see the old executions? Uh they're right there, buddy. They're right there. Right in here is the afternoon when I got back in after getting stopped out. Right there. So, I got stopped right up there. They went right to my stop. I mean, look at this son. Look right here at that high. Yesterday when I was shorting here, I was looking for this area basically to cover because this is a relatively cool low. I place my stop loss and I shared it on a tweet public. So, here's that execution being stopped out right at the high of that wick right where my stop is and then washed out. And there I am going right back in. But I'm saying nothing to no one because I know he's watching and they're all going to make fun of me. They're going to be like, "Oh, he's schizophrenic. He thinks that they're watching him. I'm proving that they're watching." >> So important. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But then uh we went we went below here and closed all of it out there. So that's uh that's the skinny. And look what they did here again. Ran those relative equal highs out. Like I told you, if I was Phil, well, they're all going to say you're Phil. Not not on Mondays and Tuesdays. I'm not the relative equal highs here. They came right back for it and then washed out over top of all that. >> Look at that. >> Yep. There it is. And now look, let's see if we can get half gap. >> Half gap is a little lower than that. There it is. There's half gap. Just watch and see if we can get that. Get a big wash out here below that low. That could be a good uh good marker for indicating it's not break lower. This is actually a good thing for them to see me show where I would be wrong and then watching it happen. It's not a net loss, but it's good for them to see it as me holding a position and then outlining how there's going to be problematic price delivery. We had the bodies go below here. We just went just a tiny little bit below that there. So, I'd like to get I'd like to see it build a little bit more momentum and lay bodies underneath this stretched out. That's what you want to see. So, there's another key level down here. If we can get that uh to deliver. That'd be nice. But that that right there, I told you earlier when I had my stop up there, I said if I were Phil, I would have run right back up to those levels. That's why I wanted to bring it down because it went lower here than that. So this group of bodies is below this group of bodies even though we went slightly lower by wick to wick. The bodies are showing the narrative. It wants to go lower. It wants to do that but not before the real move gets stopped out with this. So this is very very uh classic type scenario. Yeah. See, it keeps going down, down, down, and just won't it just won't rip below it. Half gap down here is what we're looking at. >> And it's not fun to be in these types of markets because you want to be able to see immediate feedback that you're on side and it's hard to get that read if you're brand new. Like I don't expect any of my students to understand what I just outlined with you here with all this bit of business. And I'm sure they're like, "Oh, look at this." You know, I don't I don't think the majority of my students would have done very good today. I might be pleasantly surprised by some of them sharing what they've done, especially the ones that live stream, but if I were them, I wouldn't be beating myself up. It's it's a it's a difficult day. hard to win in these types of days. One more chance for it to go from here. Yeah, none of my students would have went back in this short. And the reason why is conviction and lack of it. The that we spent so much time in here. Treat this like a big trading range, okay? I'm not a breakout trader, but when this finally leaves it, it's going to be a lot of energy that follows behind it and that'll propel down to at least half gap. >> Well, it should be very strong, long black stretched out candles to the downside. That's what I expect to see. And they should once they leave this area down here, it should be strong, sharp, immediate, real quick, covering a lot of distance in a very short amount of time because they punished. And you've watched me get stopped now twice. I want to be able to um put this down here with a nice body. Take this line off. This don't need this candle. The very next one's got to go 9:50 a.m. to 10:10. Now, when you are caught in a day like today, um the best thing you can do is keep size low and know when you want to stop. You see what it's doing here? Look how many times it's it's had a failure to launch. It goes lower, back up, lower, back up, lower, back up. We're down below these lows with a body. So, I have to take the risk out of the trade and I run the risk of getting stopped out and then it rolling over without me. But you have you have to protect yourself because this thing could violently go back up and just keep going higher because it's showing willingness to not run away quickly as I expected to have started to do. So >> that's a little encouraging. That's good. We want to see it get below this level here. This is an optin. see gives it back real quick. Very, very difficult market conditions. You have to sit back and wait out all these retracements and these spiky little tight things. I'm going to two off right there. There's literally no chance. So that that little stopout now completely mitigated it. It's macro didn't really send price down here as sharp as I went. There's a stop out again. So in these environments, everybody is challenged. Everybody's position is going to get targeted. And if you don't know how to manage yourself, then you're going to get tore up from the floor up. So multiple times trying to go lower. We took out the relative equal lows what I was aiming for this morning. I'm happy about that. Um I had to do a lot of work in here just to get what I got. So So that's the business. Um >> that's high resistance liquidity run conditions. >> It is stressful. Yes. lot live funds and it's yeah >> it's still stressful. It makes you feel like um it makes you second guess everything you think you know about the market. Just give it another moment or two to see if it can fall out of bed here. I have no interest in getting back in. All right. I think I'm just going to screenshot that and I'll tweet it so that way they know a recording is coming. I think this is enough to warrant caution on their part when we have the exile counter as we have and then I ran in company AR. Today the internet's lagging like everything laggy to to help refine identifying high resistant liquidity run definitions, problem areas when you're watching the trade, what is not supportive of the trade, what things are not uh helpful and price action was like right below here. We kept the bodies above the uh the low even though we wked down below it. That means it's likely to retrace. And then I told you that my stop was up here. And if I were Phil, if I was making the market, I would have ran up. If it was Wednesday or Thursday or Friday, I would have ran it up there. [laughter] But uh I'm off today. So we had other people highs and it ran out airfield did exactly what he's taught to do and run that out then delivered that price right there. So one more time we went in look at the body stop right there at consequent encouragement. Beautiful. That is beautiful. So I'm glad I haven't done anything. Some of my students probably dog piled on this short. >> All right. That's where he has his levels. See the half guy. I I'm honestly like I'm fatigued by this. But >> now you're just curious. >> Yeah. I just want to see it go down there. Just be able to say, well, you know, at least it went to where we thought we were going to see it happen. But sometimes you just aren't allowed to be a part of the move. And that's just the way it is. Unless you're going to be hyper diligent about no matter how many times you get stopped out, if you feel like it's still vi you viable for a short, but you got to be if you don't know what you're doing, you're going to get wrecked. So, let's see if it can put a body below that optin right there. about like that. So, we have a nice little sharp move here. We're back below that relative equal low from this morning I was indicating as my objective there, but we're just we're laying wicks down below it. And that's not what you want to see. You want to see them burying bodies. You want to That's what John Wick does, right? He buries them. And if that's the low, we saw bodies being buried here, but now we're revisiting that whole area, but they're only laying down wicks below it so far. So, we want to see them really drop a body on here. Cellside is now this. So, we want to see bodies being left below that. [snorts] And still I'll get people. They're always the foreigners. The the students that are foreign. They're not US students. Very rarely do I see a US student you complain and cry baby. Uh if you're so confident you you should do it live. Like I'm going to be guilted into doing it because they want to copy me. But um this is a day where if they were in here watching me and they were copying them, this would wear them out. They would be already thinking, "Oh, they changed the algorithm." No, it's just these are classic conditions of a high resistance liquidity on condition market. I mean, this is this is what it looks like and it's hard to to prompt through all this stuff and you see it like it's it's very very difficult. It doesn't have a willingness to want to go lower even though all things are indicating that it should or could. It goes down and then comes right back up against you. So when I do my teachings and when I was doing the paid mentorship um our focus primarily was on identifying when this occurs and then move to the sidelines don't participate tape read it paper trade it demo trade it but don't try to trade in it with your live funds and when it's not doing these things and it's moving in a low resistance liquid uncondition that's when you want to engage because it's obvious and where price is obvious it's in a quick fast-paced on to get to it. So again, as I mentioned down here, we were just leaving bodies. I'm sorry, leaving wicks, not bodies down here. And that is indicative of what? A failure to launch to go lower. And it went right back up into here. So now this is going to probably reclaim as a bullish fair value there. if it can get above and come back down in and then that pool of liquidity right there is the next little bit of business that they would likely run. Outside of that, I don't I don't have any real depth of uh of an opinion about where it's going to go now because we pull too far back up into the the range. It would be more likely that they take out trailed stop losses below here because look at the energy from that high down. So shorts from here, they're on the chopping block right now. They're stops right there. Straight line. That's it. I'm going to unplug. Did you learn anything today? >> Absolutely. >> All right. So, I'll talk to you guys next time. Be safe.
