================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: NQ Futures Weekly Range Market Wizardry
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPU4gsM9jqA
================================================================================

All right, folks. Welcome back. Welcome back. All right, so this morning I tried to answer a person that sent me repeated requests. Why don't I do short form education? Okay, short form is like less than 10 minutes almost like the uh the reals or or the shorts that would appear on like YouTube. And I I understand that there's a huge demand for that. And I guess it's in a way useful for like small little points, small little encouragements or maybe the oneliners I like to toss in as a naturally witted person. But as far as like education, I I think it falls short. So, um, true to form. I I knew I would get a bunch of nitwits in there saying that, uh, it didn't teach anything and no real usefulness. And again, that just highlights the fact that you have not been following along all week. You don't know what the YouTube channel teaches. You haven't gone through all the lectures. you haven't gone through all of the the spaces on X where I've counseledled and encouraged and told you things that really don't even appear on the YouTube channel. There's a lot of things I took away in the ICT spaces that unless you're there listening, you're just not going to get it. So, it's all part of marketing. It It allows me to be sticky, okay? It creates people um chasing the next high on education and the good stuff, the really really good stuff. I make you work for it. And that unfortunately, you know, rubs some people wrong. I don't care because you're getting all this for free. Okay? Uh if I was be a payw wall, it'd be short, straight, right to the point, and no nonsense about it. But I got to have fun doing it or I'm g or I'm not going to do it, right? So, I'm not under any obligation to do this, but I enjoy teaching. I enjoy teaching the way I teach, and I don't personally care what your opinion is. So, uh, if you go out of your way just to write a comment saying, "This was useless. Didn't learn anything from it." The only thing you just highlighted was you missed it. You missed it. Okay. So I'm going to give you the long form version of everyone else's perspective that has gone through every lecture this week that have spent more time on the YouTube channel and you'll get a greater appreciation for what I was trying to condense in a very small point of time in lecturing less than 10 minutes like 8 minutes and it said things rather succinctly right to the point with not a whole lot of fluff and still there's some joker in there and I have a hard time staying on point. The point is is you're here to learn and if I'm teaching that means I'm the teacher and you need to shut the [ __ ] up. Okay, that's the way it is. So, we're looking at the I don't know. ICT crept in there, didn't he? [gasps] Here he is reprising the role of inner circle trader. [laughter] Just got to make sure you're paying attention because it's a little late and maybe you're watching it and you're tired. So, let's take a look at this. This is the daily chart. It's naked. So, we're going to stretch this out a little bit. And I'm highlighting this suspension block. You see that? So, that suspension block was a framework for my initial sitdown with Caleb on Monday. And if you if you haven't watched that video or if you didn't really take notes, go back and listen to that. I say some things in there that are very noteworthy in relationship to the weekly range. Okay? you didn't miss it the firm I'm sorry you missed it the first I guaranteed you didn't catch it the first time you watched it but you'll swear up and down that I edited and added something to it after the fact and there's no way I can do that cuz it's time and date stamped on YouTube. So, what I was explaining to my son on Monday, I said, you know, this inefficiency in here when we start the week, and that's going to be right here, that's Monday, okay? When we start there, we're inside the middle of this inefficiency, which is a bullish buy sign efficiency, but specifically a suspension block because a volume imbalance at the high and a volume imbalance at the low. All right. So, um, what I'm going to try to do is flesh out a reason for Caleb and anyone else that's willing to pay attention this week every single day outlining how we're going to draw down into that. Now, right away, some of you going to say, "Well, wait a minute. I was watching some of those videos and you you really didn't mention that until this day on Wednesday going into Thursday did I go back to Monday and you'll hear me talk about how this range we are opening up with a new week opening gap in a premium portion of this suspension block. Okay. So, if price is bearish and we went lower, we're trading back up in, it's reasonable. It's reasonable for price to trade up into that on Friday of last week and then open on Monday or Sunday or whatever you want to look at it lower than where we closed on Friday. So, we have a new week opening gap. Now this is in a premium relative to this imbalance. We are already likely to move lower. So look at some of the characteristics and signatures of price action here. We had this high. We tried to rally higher here. We tried to rally higher there. Failed. Tried one more time and failed. How many times did it try to go higher? Multiple. Right. One 2 3 4. And now we're opening up. right here in a premium side of this pos balance sell side efficiency or suspension block if we're bearish this is going to act like a inversion fair value gap now I said to my son in Monday's lecture that this was the draw for the week this is what we're looking for wait a minute now if if that's where we're looking for price to get up into that that that kind of like limits the upside, doesn't it? [laughter] Sure it does. But if that's where we're focusing on the upside in a premium perspective, well, that kind of like points us to lower prices, right? What are we going to do there? Well, we were looking at how that wick and its consequent encouragement, we'd like to see it gravitate get below that. If it does, we'll likely see continuation. And also talked about several things about specific days of the week, how it should trade versus other days of the week. And I'll get to that in a couple more minutes, but eventually getting down to here. All right. So, if we stretch this out and that's the new week opening gap in here, we have another suspension block. It's a buy and balance sellside sign efficiency with a very small volume of balance at the high and very small volume of balance at the low. Now, initially I didn't care so much about that volume of balance at the high because I wanted to see how far it would want to stretch down in there on Monday and it went right down into this volume imbalance. And then I said to my son, I said, "Okay, it could drop down into this volume of bounce and come right back up into new week opening gap." And that's exactly what she did. I don't want you to take my word for it. So many of you already liked the comment and or like the video and you want to leave a comment. Great video, great lecture, and the video hasn't even been on YouTube for 5 minutes. [laughter] I appreciate your enthusiasm. I like the support, but let's be honest, you didn't watch everything. Okay? So, go back and listen to what I said on Monday. Watch it. It's really important. It's good stuff. But it also proves what I'm about to tell you in this video because it's all going to look like hindsight to someone that was not with me every single day this week that did not watch the lectures and has no clue as to what I'm teaching. It's going to seem like anybody can do this. No, no, no, no. You got to go back to Monday and say everything I said about price action and how it was going to behave and perform and where it was going to go every single day. all beforehand. Okay. So, when you come here and you leave comments on the channel, you say, "Anybody could do this. I don't know why anybody watches this guy. You probably lost in price." Dude, I was all over this moonwalking this thing. It was This was an easy easy week for me. It's It's all theatrics. So, that way you feel like, well, you're Yeah, he's showing some humanity here. [laughter] He's showing his frailty. So that way it kind of makes you feel like I'm approachable versus being ICT. So this suspension block here, I know that this probably hurt a lot of people's feelings, but it's okay. They're outside our circle, right? So this suspension block, we're splitting that in half here. So on Monday, we have price trade down into that lower volume imbalance and then right back up into new week opening gap. and we got it. But here, look what it does. It goes up into that on Wednesday with just a wick. It can't overcome the new week opening gap and it leaves the body lower than where the open was. So, I indicated to you all on Wednesday, I said that, you know, we're likely to see it go lower. All right. Now, I told you on Monday when I was lecturing my son, I I told him, I said, you know, Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday is going to be a little bit more difficult for someone that's brand new. I don't expect a brand new student to be able to navigate that very well because we had CPI, we had PPI, and then after Wednesday's PM session, things should get really easy, which means it's low resistance liquidity run conditions. That means very easy directional runs. It's just so simple, easy as it, you know, as it could possibly be in trading. And that's what I'm trying to teach you to identify. Okay. So, we're in a premium. We're showing willingness to repel away from that new week opening gap. It can't overcome it. And we then did the Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday hardest portion of the week. Inside this day right here, we have a wick and we close lower than consequent corroion of that. So the open is right at that level. And I mentioned how this is salient. We want to see the price stay out of the upper portion of this wick. Once we had this close like that, that means I'm telling you it's going to go lower. But it could trade up into that consequent encouragement because it's a premium array. We opened here on Thursday. Trades up towards it, but doesn't even touch the consequent crunch of that wick, which is wonderful. Is that bullish or bearish orderflow? As I teach it visually from an open, high, low, and close candlestick, it's weak. It's bearish. It can't even touch it on a day I told you it was going to go lower. Okay, we don't want any bodies above that wick's halfway point or consequent encroachment. It's a premium wick because price is opening lower than this wick's consequent encroachment. It's a defining marker. It delineates where price is not allowed to go to. it fails to get to that point or higher and works its way lower. We want to see this wick's consequent encroachment. We want to see it trade through that. It does consequent encroachment of this wick. It does. We want to try to now get down into this candlesticks consequent encroachment. It trades through it here which bodess well for continuation into Friday. Okay. And then the sell side below that would be a draw. And then if we get momentum build below here, it should be to be in the realm of possibility to get down here and get these relative equal lows. So in reality, what I showed was this entire week starting on Monday, I said this was the draw for the week, new week opening gap. Well, that was when price was going down into the daily suspension block, the lower volume imbalance. And then I walked you forward each day building all the evidence suggesting that we would go down to that level here. So in my mind, this is what I was seeing before the market ever started trading. This is what I told Caleb. We would go up here to go down there. There's no there's no data there. See that? None of your gimmicks were there yet in the chart. None of it started trading yet. Hillbillies. [laughter] This is what Inner Circle Traders saw. And this is what I fleshed out every single day in front of you. Every single day, 100% documented before the fact. There is nothing like this anywhere else. And that should be exciting for you if you're a brand new student because I'm not charging you anything. Okay? All you have to do is put the time in and stop listening to these broke people that have no clue what they're talking about. So with this in mind, we can see the other part of the expression for this week was Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday is going to be the most difficult days of trading. If you're brand new, you're going to struggle a little bit with that. And it's okay. That's normal. They're it's CPI number. It was uh PPI number on Wednesday, but I told you all on Wednesday, as I told my son Caleb, that trading will get really nice after the PM session on Wednesday. So, what does that mean? Well, overnight Wednesday into Thursday, it'll be easy trading Thursday session, Friday session. So here's Thursday's low resistance liquidity run conditions moving where lower because this was the the draw in liquidity on the upside. Go back and listen to the beginning of the week folks. It's there. It is there and you can't say anything about it. It's there. Okay. So Thursday we deliver low resistance liquid run conditions. It's real nice expansion, big range candle moving lower. And then the same thing, Friday does the same bit of business right down into the daily relative equal lows. That's what the reels stands for. And that's the weekly discount draw liquidity. So this is new week opening gap weekly premium draw on liquidity. And that's the discount draw in liquidity for the week. So, what am I basically telling you? What you already have thought and I haven't said it yet. I outlined the entire weekly range beforehand. How about that? How about that? In a very complex market condition, all from a daily chart, no smaller time frames. Okay? You see all these guys, they they want to have higher time frame talks. They want to get out of the one minute chart. They think that's the only thing I do. I'm in every time frame. I'm the ghost with the most, baby. I'm everywhere. Okay? Just because I'm showing you one chart, that's the one thing I want you to be looking at at that moment for teaching purposes. Once you find your model, you're not supposed to be hanging around with me. You're supposed to be doing your own thing. But I'm talking to students that haven't made it yet. That's who my audience is. I'm not talking to charter members. Charter members are already down the road. They're they're already doing their own thing. If the ones that are charter haven't found their model yet, there's a few of them. They're here learning just like you are. They're getting a little bit more detail, a little bit more subtleties and nuances, and it's helping refine their concerns, their doubts, their lack of confidence. And lack of confidence is a very hindering aspect to trading because money scares people very quickly. It's it's a very enticing thing. It gets people interested. That's why you're watching me for you. After all, I'm not all that terribly interesting, right? But the fact that I can tell you where these candlesticks are going to go and how they're going to walk and breathe and print way before they actually do it and before anybody else's little gimmick and toys ever starts talking about what could happen. I'm not talking about what could happen. I'm talking about what the [ __ ] going to happen. And there it is staring you in the face. I'm going to walk you through this entire week. I'm going to rub your noses in it for the folks that don't like to believe in this stuff cuz we're not done yet. Here is also the aspect of the weekly range I teach, which is TGIF. Thank God it's Friday. Oh, don't know what that is? I have a YouTube video just for that. Okay, just look up TGIF on my YouTube channel. Do a search on it and there it is. Bingo, bango. Very simple little process. If we measure the high of the week that formed on Wednesday down to Friday's low, once it pierced this and worked its way back above that low, how far can it retrace? 20 to the 30% of the weekly range. 20% levels here. 30% is here. Look where we closed for the week. Right in there. That's [clears throat] pretty simple, isn't it? Pretty neat. You're forecasting where the close of the week is going to be. That's the highest order of using my TGIF, but it's not required. You don't need to know that stuff. For me, I'm a little bit of a freak when it comes to precision. And I aspire to do things most men, mortal men, can't do. I want to be able to look into the future and see what they can't see. I want to be able to navigate waters and seas of mystery, uncertainty, and do it without any fear. When I look out there in the hard right edge of the chart, I don't see sea monsters like you do. I don't see things that's going to bite me and devour me. I'm going out there to do the the devouring. I'm going to destroy. I'm going to take. I'm going to pillillage. I'm going to do all those things. I'm the sea monster. I'm the the thing that creeps. And I'm the thing that everybody else in retail is fearful of. The guy that knows more than they do and can act on it. And I'm taking all of you with me. I'm telling you how to become formidable. I'm teaching you how to be the thing everybody fears on the opposite side of their trade. That's strength. That's power. And when you know what you know, no one can take it from you. They're going to make all the mythology around whatever they think you're doing is a waste of time. Keep working on your craft. Keep working on you. And when you do those things, the uncertainty, the fear, the trepidation, it evaporates and just dissipates. And the only thing you can see is the process. And you're not fearful with the outcome because you've been here before. I have the map. I made the map. And I'm showing you what it is. There is nobody, and I mean nobody, that has ever done what I'm doing, outlining it, teaching it so that way you can do it, too, and proving it beforehand. And I'm not even charging any money. [laughter] Think about that. Think about that. Look how fortunate you are to be in a time, your timeline right now, you have someone that's literally more interested in you doing well than you presently do. Is that interesting? You don't realize it yet, but when you get there and you succeed, you're going to look back and say, "You know what? I didn't have as much confidence in getting to where I am than Michael had in me as a student. And that's a true statement. It's impossible for you to grasp the power in which you're wielding right now by being in these lectures. This is the market. This is the upper echelon of financial prowess. All right. So, we can drop down into a 1 hour chart. um you watched me do a trade and I executed on it and I highlighted and brought your attention to this buy side of balance sell side of efficiency and I have a lecture that talks about why I chose that so I won't take your time out with that but we we drew down into that consequent encouragement I took some profits there and got stopped on the final single contract and then I told you that that boded well for continuation going lower we worked lower there's our smaller short-term minor sellside liquidity pool, which is not highlighted here, but that's one of them. And then we broke lower and eventually got down through that daily relative equal low at 29,512 or 28,512 rather. And then you can see where we settled inside of TGIF. Moving into a five-minute chart just to get a little bit more flesh on the bone. Here's the new week opening gap. We broke lower, traded down to that 1 hour buy sell side and efficiency then rallied up and creates the good old market maker sell model. This is my money reversal, lowrisk cell, first stage distribution, second stage distribution, biggest part of the run rate to weekly target. Now, if you look at it from this perspective, okay, regular trading hours tends to have gaps. And what you're going to have to do is study every week. You should print out your your charts like this and keep them every week. And then compare and contrast the gaps and the lack of price action in between settlement prices at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time to new 9:30 in the morning Eastern time openings. these gaps and how price prints in them is very important. But there's also this mystery that when these gaps are formed, there's other formations in price action that's seen in electronic trading hours. Electronic trading hours, they it's basically to upset what you see in price action in regular trading hours. So, it's like a jigsaw puzzle. And you have some parts, some pieces like this is one piece. This is one piece of price action. This is one piece of price action. There's a small little gap right here. And then we have this piece of price. And then we have all of this is one piece. And this is one piece. But notice that there are pieces missing in here. Here in between here, here, and here. That's where Electronic Trading Hours fills in those jigsaw puzzle pieces. So, you have to be able to determine what those pieces look like when you're looking at GlobeEx trading. That means when we start trading at 6 p.m. Eastern time at the restart all the way around the clock until 9:30 a.m. Eastern time, that puzzle piece gives you more information that does not exist in these gaps. Many times electronic trading hours goes into these gaps before regular trading hours does at 9:30 Eastern time the following day. And whatever electronic trading hours does, regular trading hours will tend to overlap that and redeliver those price runs. That's usually what takes place. That's why we have in the beginning in 7 am to 9:00 am pre-market session. That's how I I teach that we look for overnight highs and lows, relative equal highs and lows because they're going to run them. Even though price existed there and booked overnight, regular trading hours are going to run up there and run down below them relatively um sharply to to get that liquidity to trip traders that are wanting to trade breakouts to turn on the pursuit of yield by algorithms that are used in investment firms in banks and large private traders. It's not just simply it's going above relative equal highs to take buy stops. Okay, it's not just that. There's mechanisms that are used in algorithms that will turn on buy programs for that algorithm once it takes those levels out. Vice versa, when relative equal lows or a single low is taken out, it's not just simply going down there to take the sell side liquidity or sell stops. That's not what's going on in its entirety. It's going down there to stimulate the pursuit of yield on algorithms because they see price give up that level. So it's not just who bought and who sold and how many stops are getting taken. That's just small fry logic. But in a way of teaching and keeping things very simplistic because in the beginning most of you and let's be honest some of you still don't believe it but most of you didn't understand or even believe what the market is in terms of an algorithm but now it's easier for you to understand. It's more palatable for you to know what I'm talking about when we're looking for runs on liquidity. It's just an easy way to use an all-encompassing approach to saying there's a whole lot of interest in price getting to that level and it's not just support and resistance because I'm going to the levels that work that draw price. You ask anybody that's trading support and resistance, they're going to have 50 different other levels that are going to be something concerning for them. Not me. So, let's wrap this up here. One minute chart. This is what I was giving a lecture on this morning. Okay, I gave you eight minutes of very specific succinct information in regards to when you have relative equal highs, which we have right here. See that? Relative equal highs. and we're running up into the beginning of 7:00 a.m. If you're looking to trade 7:00 in the morning to 9:00 in the morning, which is pre-market session, and you see these types of settings here, just because it has these smooth highs up here and we're approaching 7:00, it doesn't mean that it's going to go right up here and punt. could, but what's more likely to get down to the higher time frame draw on liquidity, which is those relative equal lows at 28,512 on the daily chart given to you in advance. Yes, it'll cover from 7:00. Look how fast it starts running. Here it is. 7 o'clock. Boom. Starts ripping, ripping, ripping, ripping. And then at 9:30, opening bell, we get a little bit of a Jesus swing here. And it can't even take that buy side. Why? Because it wants to go where it's aiming for all week long where good old ICT himself told you 28,512 daily relative equal lows. That's the winner on the downside. Remember I capped the weekly range in commentary on Monday. That's the draw on on the week. Wait a minute now. You're trying to tell Yes. This is exactly what I'm telling you. I knew I knew we were going to take out these relative equal lows in advance. And I left all the clues for you to follow. Go back and listen to all the logic I was giving you because it's inescapable. Everything I say is calculated. Everything I say has a purpose. You can't escape it. You can't say it didn't happen. But it forces you to think that way. Hey, you're an independent thinker. I'm leading you subtly. But if you're going to try to be a contrarian and arm wrestle me, you're not going to learn. You're learning to do something different so that way you can go online and say, "I did this when I said that and I made money." Who cares? Who cares? You didn't make $310,000 this week. And we'll just leave the conversation at that. So, the point of this lecture this morning at 8 minutes long was if you're trading in between these two time frames, okay, 7:00 in the morning and 9:00 a.m. Eastern time, if we're real close to running out what looks like relative equal highs, but we have not finished the week's business down here going to that draw in liquidity, don't think that it needs to go up there first. It only has today, Friday. It only has Friday to get down there. And what rocket fuel is it going to use? The session, start of pre-market session, 7:00, run down, gain a lot of the ground that needs to take out that low. We go right to this little bit low and then rally up Judah swing and then they dump it aggressively right below 28,512. They accumulate all of the interest for trail stop losses put people offside. Algorithms are now systematically chasing sell programs. They want to be bearish. They want to sell short. And then the market rips higher, goes back above the low at 28,512, gets back above this low. So what have we done? We've climbed two pools of liquidity here. Now if you look inside this area here, this cippy becomes a fair value gap. Inversion fair value gap. You see it getting the low here, right there. You can use your own charts. Rallies up and then it goes for the buy side. Then it trades back to the inefficiency. That was a fair egg up over here. Just look at this morning's lecture. You'll see what that is. And then Friday midnight Eastern time. The point of me mentioning that was you would think that with relative equal highs here, it's likely to go up there, trade above the midnight opening price, and then go down there to the Michael's target. Not when it's Friday, not when it only has a little bit of time left. It needs to use the chaos, the rocket fuel, the volatility of session opens, pre-market session 7 o'clock. I mean, look at that, folks. That's brilliant, isn't it? Nobody's teaching that stuff before me. Trades lower and then session close at 9:00. We get a little bit of a drift. And then one more time, Judah swing at 9:30. pulls the rug elevator Kines lower takes out all of the levels that would have any liquidity there and more just to get folks thinking it's going to keep going lower and then massive short covering because I had everybody on the internet that was trading NQ focusing on this level or here and you don't think they're all trying to take their profits of course they are [laughter] but then only Then price works its way back to Friday's midnight Eastern time opening price clears it here and then goes up for another minor buy side pool. So there's that inefficiency there. Agree to it here. Consequent encouragement. Then right in here where where I was giving you the review and teaching you that 8 minute long lecture about why we don't look for these relative equal highs in between 7:00 and 9:00 because it's going to the weekly draw, the target I gave you. It's going to go there even though it's so close right here. I've seen so many students send me comments, send me emails, send me text messages, send me uh messages on Trading View, send me things on Telegram, okay? I don't ever reply to you on Telegram, period. And if you see these jokers out there telling you that they're doing a mentorship or they're going to do trade copying or trade mirroring, um it's all scam. That's not me. Okay? So just because it looks smooth doesn't mean it's going to go there then down here. You got to think about how much time because time is the most important factor. Time you have to consider it only has Friday because when we close at 5:00 Eastern time, it's then you go into the weekend and we got to wait until what happens on Sunday at 6 p.m. And nobody knows what that's going to be. I don't know that. I have no idea what happens. I have to submit myself to where are they going to open it up. That's 100% controlled by them. No buying and selling pressure has any merit or or influence over that. I say that facially because it doesn't have anything or any bearing on anything that price is doing. Okay? Price is leading and then people buy or sell while it chases it. It's not being bid up like you think. You think, "Oh, it's this, it's that. It's auction this theory." No, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's going to a level and stopping because it was already predetermined. And if you can't see that from the old man now, you're lost. Like, you're lost. And if you can't subscribe to what I'm teaching and and and what I'm presenting as fact, don't waste any time with my videos. Don't watch anything. Don't even be a part of this community as a spectator. just watching and observing because the only thing that's going to happen is I'm gonna hurt your feelings and that's really not what I'm trying to do. But market then after clear set buy side here trades back down below Friday's midnight opening price and then we settle in in TGIF between the 30 and 20% of the weekly range and close right there. Brilliant, isn't it? Brilliant, isn't it? Now, if you would have paid attention every single day of the week and the lectures and the things I said about price action and where it was going to go to and then blend in what I was teaching in 8 minutes this morning in the video, it's very simple and easy to understand. Don't expect these relative equal highs to be taken before the draw liquidity because it's Friday. It's Friday, folks. It only has a little bit of time. And notice that the flurry of activity is at the session openings here. And then as soon as it does the run to where we thought it was going to go, look at the momentum that comes into the marketplace. This right here, that's not buying pressure. Okay? It's not what that is. It's not selling pressure evaporating. This is it printed there and now it's going to quickly run for the liquidity here because they don't want to take them and and present them an opportunity to to pull their orders. That's why the speed which you see it doing that it's quickly to get up to here and then we have a retracement. And I said, like I told you in the 8 minute long lecture this morning, I would personally be done with the week because it's already done everything. Notice it didn't go any lower. And who cares if it goes back to the midnight opening price? Who cares? It's not It's not going to go up there and go lower. And you hear me say that. And it didn't. It went up there and took a buy side there. And then we went right back in between the low that I told you it's been it would be done. in this high. There you go. Big deal. It's going where I taught you that it would go. TGIF 20 to 30% of the weekly range retracement on a Friday. Bang. Done. Handled in the books.
