================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: One Shot - One Kill Trade Setup Review
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zq4hz_XiTRE
================================================================================

All right, folks. So, we're going to be looking at the Nasdaq here. I did the PowerPoint perspective today because it helps me stay very focused. Helps me get through it succinctly and it avoid all the little potential rabbit trails I can go down. I don't have much time today and I'm going to be doing this earlier than I was expecting to. My wife and I have plans. So, that's that. So, here's the daily chart and we're going to focus in on that little area here. So, everything I'm going to zoom in just shows the part that's shaded here in yellow. All right, so we're zoomed in and I want to take your attention into this discount wick and this up close candle. Okay, so these are two reference points that were not given to you yesterday when I gave you the post with lay of the land, okay? By and in and of itself, the 15-minute time frame, I can find setups off of that. I can give criteria around that. Um it's a bellwether chart, meaning that it it's a really strong go-to time frame, especially for intraday or short-term trading. It's it's basically one of those things you can utilize in and of itself to frame all day trading, all of your scalping, um and get in sync with a move that's already underway on a higher time frame. So, from a daily perspective for the folks that say, "I just can't use intraday charts, Michael. Can you just give me some some help in that regard?" Well, that's what this is here, okay? So, these are like the the confirming strengths, okay, or the qualifiers that help yield more confidence behind the things I'm looking at, sub 1 hour, sub daily, and anything intraday. If you look at the boundaries I've created here with this last up close candle, the open price. So, that's changing a state delivery. That's happening here. So, it's being utilized there to trade up into your order block. And the discount wick here frames the low end. So, I've measured the closing price. I've closed I'm sorry, the the low of that candle and then the consequent encouragement level there. Okay? So, consequent coercion comes in at 29,021 I'm sorry, 29,221.75. Market trades down today, hits consequent coercion, reaches the previous day's or previous week low of on Thursday rather, not the week uh but last Thursday's low because there was no trading on on Friday. Not that would be meaningful, let's put it that way. So, the the run below this low and in this general vicinity was what I was framing. So, when I was posting on X Monday morning and what I was doing a lecture with with my son on Monday and today, I was giving the criteria that I felt that Monday's trading would see it trade up to see it trade down. And the boundaries, okay? were based on the opening price of this last up close candle and the wick down here, okay? So, if we're up here and we're trading potentially lower to get into this discount wick, we have to at least be aware of the upper half because it could come down and just to that level and turn bullish. Okay? Only until we close below consequent encroachment, do we then refer back to this area and only use the lower half. So, it's trading down into the upper portion because the upper portion is going to show discount sensitivity. And it can kind of like build the basis of around a short-term swing low or an immediate term or long-term low. Okay? So, that those are the two frameworks there. That way you'll see on the charts when go forward. This is the discount daily wick. There's other levels based on this right here. And then this is the order block. Which would be the change in state delivery. Now, let me just say this. Some of you are going to say, "Well, look at this candlestick right here. This is a larger body candlestick than that one. And you taught recently that wouldn't this candle here be the change in state delivery at its opening price?" Yeah, if we ever trade below it, but we're inside this range. So, we're we're content with using this. Okay? That's my order block theory. It's not supply and demand. Okay? And it's not Dollar Man You Mentorship view of order blocks either. Okay? Just because they use my term doesn't mean they understand what an order block is or how to properly use them. All right, dropping down to a 15-minute time frame. Those two boundaries or parameters from the daily chart, this is what we have. Okay? So, buying then of itself, keeping everything naked except for these two reference points, we have a old high, so there's buy-side liquidity resting above that. We opened yesterday on Monday at 9:30 Eastern time. Here, it traded down and immediately shot up. Took out the buy-side here. Went up into this gap, which you'll see in a moment. And I stated when I was lecturing my son, I told Caleb, I said, and you hear this in the recording also. Um I I want to see it try to gravitate to consequent encroachment of this gap. And then make an attempt to roll over and go after that sell side. Okay? Now, I know I know that that sounds just like me cherry-picking. It's all hindsight. Well, of course it's hindsight now because I explained it before it was going to happen and now you can see it on your chart. And trades right down into that discount wick on the daily chart. Look at that. Isn't that brilliant? Got to got to admit, folks. Isn't that nice? What if what if you spent your time looking every month Okay, throughout each trading day and every week and every month just looking for a short-term one shot one kill type setup because my trading is done for the week. I'm going to be doing lectures the rest of the week now. Okay? I I usually that breaks the heart of everybody cuz they're like, "Okay, he he nailed that perfectly. Now, what's the next move?" What's the next one? I just gave you the entire run in June on several markets and it delivered like gangbusters. Now, I want to try to transition to one shot one kill. Uh just to show you again, I haven't forgot how to do it. I gave you everything openly and public before the fact. So, watch Monday's video, look at Monday's tweets before the market started trading in the opening range at 9:30 Eastern time. So, you had all the information there beforehand. When we got up into this level here, we were reaching up into this inefficiency. So, let's add a little bit more lipstick to it to that fair value gap there and this sell side liquidity pool is what I was framing. To go up, to go down. Okay? So, it's this area here. Focusing on the draw to this relative equal lows, that's the sell side liquidity. To arrive at down here below it and reaching as far down into the consequent encroachment of the daily discount wick. Now I I wasn't interested in being in the position that deep or that low. But that's the framework. So what would be a low hanging fruit objective? Just getting to that low. Or as I mentioned in the analysis and commentary, this would be a low hanging fruit objective if it could just get down to that. And that was fine. And you could see it did in fact act as an inversion fair value gap and trade lower. And we talked about this one as well in the recording. Um we have this sibi price utilized that and utilized it once more. Hammered the old low. Sold off to this acted as an inversion fair value gap. And this acted as an inversion fair value gap. And then once it got down to our daily discount wick on the daily chart and swept that sell side liquidity, look how fast and sharply we returned back inside that range. What range? This one. Okay? So you have to know what you're looking for. You have to blend some time frames. There's nothing wrong with waiting for setups to frame around the basis of a daily chart. That's the easiest strongest delivered price runs you're going to trade. If you can't structure or frame an idea from the daily chart, then you need to probably sit on your hands. Because you're you're looking for some kind of a fluctuation intraday. And you might be right sometimes. And that tricks you into thinking that you're way better than you really are. And just because you have a a model and a structure that puts you into a trade, that might not be the case for what the market's actually doing because you're looking for something that may not actually be there or materialize because the market can stay in a consolidation. It can pin and haul around in very small ranges or just be lethargic and simply just say I'm not going to participate in what you expected to do. It doesn't mean your model, you know, is inherently wrong or that you're a bad trader, but it does make you a bad trader if you continuously force your will in the market insisting that your model speaks you know, from a buy side or sell side perspective when the market just simply is not willing to yield to that. So, let's go down and remember the uh follow-up video I did yesterday. I said these relatively equal lows here, I want to see them get taken out and then build momentum and then work through that low. And then we'll see if it wants to run down into this inefficiency and take out that minor sell side. It did. This was where I was drawing out everyone's attention initially. Want to see if he can get up there and then once it got there, see if he can produce a a run lower. Smart money could accumulate shorts in here right at the consequent encroachment or just above. And then we had this nice little gap right here. This is the model 2022. Okay, so we have a swing low here. Market trades through that, comes right back up. Model 2022. Okay? Or you can just simply refer to it as my oldest model on this channel, the ICT optimal trade entry or OTE. Same criteria there, okay? And then low hanging fruit objectives would be here and here. And if you want to leave a runner on based on what I was sharing in my own analysis, that gap and then the sell side down there, okay? So, it really delivered handsomely today, just brilliantly. And you can't really argue that that was a nice price run. All right, intraday, you can see how >> [sighs] >> we rallied up yesterday and then uh today we had a little bit of a a continuation. But this is the setup that turned in that Let me go back up one slide. This is yesterday's price action. Right here. We're focusing on all of this right there. Okay? Now we're zoomed in that perspective. So we have relative equal highs during lunch macro, 11:30 Eastern time to 1:30 p.m. Eastern time. The setup usually forms in the first hour of that 2-hour lunch period. Okay? So between 12:30 noon to 11:30 a.m. Here's your buy side during the 11:50 a.m. to 12:10 macro. That's when the algorithm will start to do its work. It'll start spooling. You want to see it show willingness to take out opposing liquidity. Here's buy side, hammer it right there. Smart money gets short there. And 10:00 low right here. That's my ICT lunch macro. It's algorithm price run. And in the afternoon, if it doesn't deliver here during the second hour, just hold for it to go into the p.m. session. And it does it so Okay? Trades down into first presented fair value gap right there. Look at the bodies respecting the consequent encroachment level. So we have like a failure swing to get below. Then price pulls back up into the range. We have relative equal highs now. So we'll see going forward. Here's your relative equal highs. Market makes that return back to lunch macro that which is a 10:00 low. And I have a video on this on my YouTube channel, so just look it up. The market rallies up and uses another previous gap we've been talking about. Rallies back up, clears a buy side liquidity. In here, smart money can add to that. When it drops down, they can add once more in here on this sibi. Aggressive break lower, clears out relative equal lows here, trades down into an old swing low, that's what this blue line is. But we have relative equal lows down here as well, and it's still is based on the Monday lunch macro draw. So, it's based on an old pool of liquidity that framed new relative equal lows. So, that's going to be very suspect. It's going to be more likely that the the algorithm will draw down into that. So, the market just goes sideways in here. Rallies up, creates this little run here, consolidates, and then we drop down taking out those lows there and treats this as an inversion fair value gap, which is first presented a fair value gap from Monday during the opening range. Here we are with that same first presented fair value gap. >> [laughter] >> First presented fair value gap, good grief, it's a tongue twister. We have buy side being taken here. Breaks lower. Breaker. Sells off overnight. Works lower. We have a 15-minute sibi here. So, you can't really see it on the 1-minute chart, but I shared it on my post today. And traded lower into 1:30 a.m. overnight. Then rally back up. This inefficiency you'll see on the 15-minute timeframe, as well. Here it is, as well. Goes up into the higher level of that SIBI. Looking on the 15-minute timeframe, you'll see these two levels. Okay? And then breaks lower, consolidates around till 7:00 in the morning. We rally up. And then we have a suspension block, which is bearish here. So, we have a volume imbalance at the high, volume imbalance at the low. We break back lower, and then we're entering into the 9:30 opening range. We have relatively equal highs here. And during the lecture with my son, I said to him, I said, "We were likely going to see it pull up and clear this area here." And I didn't see this one. I've got aging eyes, folks. But uh during the the lecture, you see me actually referring to this. I said, "I'm going to see it try to wilt." And I noted that the bodies were staying inside of the gap that's shaded in orange. And all the wicks were just simply doing the return back to here. And it was respecting the lower half of this big premium wick. So, in your charts, you want to be able to split that in half, find the consequent encroachment level. You can see that the wicks and the bodies were simply approving that there was no interest in it going higher. So, that's not That's not selling pressure. That's not abated um buying pressure. It's just simply the algorithm saying, "I'm not going to keep spoiling higher and offering higher prices." It's done its work. So, smart money can see this visually. That's why it's important for you to stay on an open high, low, and close candlestick. Don't augment the price, because you're literally gambling and guessing, and I don't care who tells you. Okay? There's a whole lot of people out there that's been proven unprofitable with all these manipulated candlestick creations. It It's It's nonsense. Okay? Uh but remember, I told you this stuff yesterday during Monday. And then it delivered perfectly. Perfectly. Okay? Here, you'll see that I actually during the lecture this morning, I actually drew this out with my son. And it wasn't accurate. There's a small little deviation from this candle's close and this candle's opening. So, it is a volume imbalance. So, it should be drawn like that. Okay? You can see that's what happens here. Trades up to the high of that. And that's not me going back and form fitting. I just looked at it closer because I'm taking the time to create the slides here. This is again what I drew incorrectly, but now this is the correct perspective. Usually folks are real quick to say, "You didn't draw it right. You didn't have the the volume imbalance in there." They like to teach the the teacher. Or correct the proctor, right? So, in this case, I didn't see anybody do it yet. So, if you do get to the video, just know that I'm correcting it in this one. Okay? So, now this is correct and the annotations are as they should be. The market went lower and I said that this should be treated as an inversion fair value gap. Now, you have to do your own due diligence. These videos are not long. So, if you're not knowing what this gap is, just look at the prices and go back to the beginning of the video. Okay? And you'll see where they are in proximity to these prices. And you'll see that they're apparent in subordination role. There's an hierarchy to them. And even though we had a little bit of a a body on the upside, the wicks were not able to do any severe reach to the high end. All of the volume that's represented by the bodies of the candle. We don't need to see any kind of numeric value. We don't have to look inside the candlestick. The candlestick's going to show you, okay? And it's showing that all of the volume is in the lower half of that inversion fair value gap. So, there's no footprint needed, no volume profile, none of this nonsense, okay? They're all gimmicks that let you think that only by looking at it that way can you see what I guess more and more invested or more informed traders are doing or have done. And again, that's tantamount to whatever the weather was yesterday between 11:00 and 1:00 p.m., you know, that means that we're going to have the same temperatures today between 11:00 and 1:00 p.m. That doesn't mean anything. In fact, where I am locally, you know, if we're using that analogy or assumptions, it would be incorrect. It's significantly cooler here today. So, the market trades lower, uses the inversion fair value gap here as I expected it would, and it went down, took out the sell side, and then went all the way down to the discount wick. Now, I'm okay with not being a participant on a move with the last portions right here, especially with the market conditions that we have and have had for a month or so or or so. For a year or so, the volatility has been unbelievable, relentless. You know, in the first 45 seconds this morning, we had over 100 handles. Here on one single one-minute candle, you know, that's enormous. Just and it happened just like that. So, if you're trying to trade with large position sizing with no stop loss or no idea what you're doing, you can get wrecked real fast. So, a lot of the, you know, affiliate marketing goobers that like to talk a whole lot of talk, um you know, the real the real inner circle trader, right? >> [laughter] >> Listen, he's trying to go long here. He wants to buy that. When we were looking at this as buy side liquidity being taken with the expectation it was going to draw down here, okay? So, these guys need to keep their mouths shut because they're just embarrassing themselves. And we end up using this fair value gap and bumped the bottom of the inversion fair value gap here from previous lecture on Monday. And then rolled over and delivered perfectly. Look at that run from here where we were annotating the buy side being taken, dropping down and delivering right as Popeye would say, bullseye. Okay? And then the market goes consolidation like this. After it hits this, it's strongly likely to see a retracement to a range. And it's okay. When you have such a high degree of precision and expectation be met, and you can do it in the first half of the week, be done. Be content with that. It doesn't mean you can't go in the price action and study. It doesn't mean you can't go in there and demo trade and tape read and or just observe. It doesn't mean that you take your hand off the wheel and say, "Well, I'm just going I'll come back on Monday." You need to be involved with the market, but from a trading perspective, okay? You see these guys out there they're they're doing like huge six figures in a month, okay? And this is a a six-figure day. Rolling from yesterday to today based on the analysis I shared. And imagine if some old guy, you know, some old fraud, if he had like 20 contracts on the hottest little prop firms out there, you know, could could you imagine what he would have been able to take in from that? Good grief, he he definitely would have never seen a payout from that guy. They would have put him in live right away and denied it. So, here's the uh I know I went there. Here's your low, rallied up, fell back in, and then worked back up into the inefficiencies. And look how much time it spent in this area in here. Isn't that interesting? That's one of the things I I I look for it me I made a good decision by not participating any further. Because it starts doing Yes, there's a event horizon with this fair value gap low and this fair value gap high. So, midpoint between these two gaps. You split that and show that right here. You can it's it's gyrating around that. But it's also just doing it in a time where I'm not interested. I don't care to do anything more because it's done a perfect run for me. Like this is beautiful down here. Why would you want to push the issue and demand more from the week? I mean, think about it. It's several hundred handles. It's brilliant trading. It's brilliant model being implemented, brilliant analysis delivering to the tick. All things hammering out all inversion characteristics being delivered as expected. Like it's it's wonderful. And the worst thing you can do as a trader is when you fall into, you know, profitability is to assume that consistent profitability is every day big volume wins. Or every day trading. That's that's not it, folks. That's not it. Okay? Can you trade every single day? Yes, if you're trying to be a scalper, there's all kinds of little small little bread and butter scalping scenarios. I've taught that. That's on this YouTube channel. Okay, there's lots of those things with complete rule-based ideas from nuts to bolts, start to end. It's all there. Regardless of what these guys want to tell you, it's all here. But I don't know what your model's going to be. You don't know, most of the time, what that model's going to be. You don't know what you want to do until you get in here and you lose a little bit. And it just you discover that, well, maybe I can't be a position trader and then intermediate-term price swings on a daily chart or weekly chart. Let me try short-term trading. Well, what I just did today and yesterday, that's short-term trading. That used to be my one shot one kill model. I would look for two to five days a price run and be out by the end of the week. Before things got silly, I didn't have a problem holding over the weekend, but I would not hold anything over the weekend now. The gap risk is absolutely ridiculous. So, short-term trading is getting in above one day's trading. So, in other words, if you enter one day and the session closes and restarts at 6:00, as soon as you do that, that's that's two days trading for me. So, that's like short-term trading. Day trading is anytime before you get out before 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time settlement. So, with that, hopefully it was uh worthwhile observation on your part last two days. Uh I want to teach you a little bit about um how to make your way through this industry without having to delve into prop. Um when I say prop, it's the SIM trading prop, not a real prop firm where they give you real money and you can split it with them on agreed terms. Um I understand there's a lot of folks out there. A lot of my students do very, very well with the whole simulated prop stuff. But, there's a whole lot of you that have an opinion like mine that you just simply don't want to touch it. And what resources, what avenues, what approach, if I were starting all over again, and say I was working say I was working at a pizza shop delivering pizza. I'm a young guy. Uh I don't have any kids yet. I don't have any obligations or dependents. And maybe I'm roommating with a a buddy or two. Okay, so my bills are not as bad as they would be if I was on my own entirely, but let's just say I'm a I'm a roommate with one or two of my friends or I'm in university. Okay, and my only income is a small job delivering pizza and it's not much money. Okay, how how would I go about starting and building it from that? That's kind of like what I want to spend the rest of the week. So, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. And if I can wrap it up by Friday, that'll be it, but if not, I'll I'll move into Saturday and Sunday uh the to nail it down. And that's what we're going to focus on for the rest of the week. So, until I talk to you tomorrow, Lord willing, be safe.
