================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: Enigma FVG Projections & Protractions & Review \ June 27, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbNhlJSXDaA
================================================================================

All right, folks. Welcome back. So, we're going to do a little bit of a review and I'm going to teach you something that comes right out of the book of ICT. I had to use those three letters, unfortunately, this morning. But, um, my algorithm, my, uh, secret weapon, if you will, when I'm looking at price action and engaging with price is what I have dubbed Enigma. Now, I am Enigma. It's not something that it's out there where you can copy it or purchase it and someone else coded it and all that. That's that's not we're not talking about that. Okay. The the real OG here is uh Michael. Okay. And that's kind of like my working name, Enigma. So, we have a few things to cover, but I'm going to start with the teaching part first and then we'll just end it with kind of like a little bit of a review. Okay. Uh, I'll try to do this inside of 30 minutes. So, we'll see if that's going to be successful or not. The last video I did, I said I wasn't going to keep you too long. Ended up keeping you an hour and 20 some minutes. So, that doesn't usually afford the YouTube servers to translate. And I know some of you were upset with me about that, but you know, it's going to happen sometimes, man. The old man just gets on a roll, and it is what it is. I I can't uh I can't turn it off. It's like a fire hose. Okay. So, if you watched the last recording I posted just recently, I covered a little bit of detail around the dollar index. Now, obviously on the 7th, that analysis video I posted on June 7th, 2026, this was the last candlestick on the daily chart for dollar index at the time. And I said, we'll see if it wants to come back down in here. Use this as an inversion for your V gap right there. And then take another run up at this minor buy side. And then halfway point is consequent between this level and an old high which is over here. See that? So that's still the next draw in liquidity. But when we were looking at live price action here on Wednesday, while we were right up here, okay, while it was booking price live right in here, I was outlining why it's okay for you to take profits on your short Euro dollar and your short pound dollar and be content with this run on dollar index. Why would I say that? Well, we had a nice run from this area here. Perfectly delivered. We only had one down closed candle here. And it was a very smallbodied. So, it's really stretched out. And this is the target. It's an old high. It can't hide from you. It's It's there. Okay. But when this body of this candle was all the way up here and it was full on body near the high, I was talking about how there's nothing wrong with you collapsing that bullish idea for the week and taking your profits on Euro dollar and pound dollar. What is in price action at this moment here that escapes everyone else? I'm going to include everyone here. The list would be very very long if I went from an itemized list straight down. But I promise you this what I'm going to show you. order flow, level two, footprint, volume profile, GAN, Elliot wave, pitchforks, torches, snares, whatever, whatever you want to use. Okay? Trend lines, moving averages, all that business. None of that's going to tell you what I'm going to show you here. Okay? And this is how I look at price action. I look at things in terms of measurements. I look at them in terms of where the algorithm will absolutely interface with the marketplace and the delivery of price. So when we suspend our disbelief whether there's an algorithm or not. Okay, I'm going to invite you all to hold that view for a moment. Now some of you it's not going to be hard for you to do that because you already believe that. You think it's buying and selling pressure. And while that's cute and very amusing to me, I want you to think about what I'm about to show you, okay? And the the degree of statistical probabilities for these things to occur if it was just random buying and selling pressure. Okay, if we zoom in, I'll make this a little bit more prominent. build this up a little bit so we can see the wicks, we can see the bodies, we can see any kind of separation between between the bodies. So there's a volume of bounce if not. All right. So this is the drawing liquidity up here. This is why I told you on the 7th of June, actually before that, but on June 7th, that was the last point of analysis and I broke away from you for a little while and left you to watch the daily chart. And we cleared the minor buy side. We cleared consequent encroachment, which is midpoint, which we'll show you real quick. Just rough it. Roughing it. Not trying to be perfect about it. Okay. So we hit consequent encroachment there or event horizon. So between two pools of liquidity, an old high and old high split the range in half. We closed above it. Okay, that gives confidence that we're likely to draw to this level. It's not a guarantee. It's not a panacea. It's not a beall end all. It's not an absolute. It just when I see that type of thing to me, I feel a little bit more confident that it's going to trade higher. And it did the very next day on Wednesday. But then it traded up to this level right in here when in the last recording I did this week. I was talking about how it's okay if you close out your long idea on dollar index and take some profits on your Euro dollar short or your pound dollar short. Let me show you what you don't know. This is the type of stuff you see me when I'm entering in certain trades. I'm taking profits and and targets are getting hit and they're like really really close to the high tick of the of the market and you just recently saw that in the NASDAQ over like 1,200 handles. Hello. Hello. So we have this bison balance sell sign efficiency here that formed on Tuesday of this week. Okay. And it's in the direction of the terminus or target I outlined for us to be observing which is that 101.977 level right here because we've had a nice run and we only had one down closed candle since the series of that move off of that inversion fair value got there. This is the only down close candle we had. So, it's reasonable for it to slow down or run out of steam, if you will. But just because it could do that, it's not enough. I have to ring in some science and measure some stuff because around here, we believe in a matter of technical science. We don't believe in randomness. We don't believe the markets are random. Uh we're not surprised when when markets behave a certain way. And we don't believe in buying selling pressure. So if there is no algorithm, pray tell. How is this going to work? Okay. There are two distinct approaches to how I teach. Okay. I teach an extreme and then I teach the low hanging fruit objective. So in between that's where the story is going to be the clearest which is why consequent encroachment mean threshold when we're watching real order flow without looking at the number of contracts that were bought and sold at specific price levels because it doesn't make a difference. Yesterday's weather with sunny weather and 82 degrees and low humidity absolutely has no bearing on today's weather. Zero. It's in every legal disclaimer. It's in the bottom of this video. Also, past performance is not indicative of future results. So, just because so many people had orders executed at around a particular price means absolutely nothing. It just records history. That's wonderful. That's absolutely wonderful that we can see how many people bought and sold at a particular level. It's wonderful. Now, it has no bearing on the future prognosis. Now it has no future prognostication over price. And to subscribe so that that's a religion. And we can argue and and go back and forth about that. And some of you are convinced that your religion about what you see in price is real. And I'm going to smile at you and and and think it's cute. And you're going to look at me and say that I'm foolish because I think there's a central algorithm that runs all the markets. No. There's one algorithm that's implemented in every individual market and it's using the same logic. Now, I'm going to I'm going to show you something here, okay? And I want to remind you that you do not need this to trade with what I taught and find profitability. You don't need this, okay? But this is what separates me from everything and everyone else, okay? It's a it's a it's a diametrically opposed position that I hold with everyone else. And all of you that are listening to me are either here because of morbid curiosity or you're here because you want to subscribe to the viewpoints that I'm promoting and and sharing. Either or it's fine. Okay? But I want you to think about the the degree of statistical probabilities for this to occur. Okay? When I first started teaching fair value gaps, if you recall, I didn't include volume imbalances because it was a graduated revelation to you. I'm not trying to teach everything at one time because number one, it's a lot of information. It'll bog you down. And look at what they've done with what I've already taught. They change things. They try to twist. They try to create something for their own clout, their own intention seeking. They want to seem like they figured something out. And watch and see. You're going to see people come out and say, "I've known about this. I just didn't want to tell anybody. [laughter] It's foolishness." But I promise you, Gan and the whole list of everyone else out there has nothing on this. Nothing. Nothing. Okay. So when I taught imbalances, inefficiencies in price, I told you to look at first the wicks and then we graduated to then looking for when there's a volume imbalance. A volume imbalance is something like this right here. If you look at the close on that candlestick, you see that it's 100.997. So the open of the next candle needs to be higher than that to be a volume imbalance. So anything above 997. Well, look at that. It's over 101.005. That's certainly higher than 100, right? So there's a volume imbalance there. So in classic terms when I first introduced fair value gaps this is what we were seeing. Okay you see that and then eventually when I felt it was merited I gave you all a deeper perspective in price action where we include the volume imbalance where we would discount this short-term wick high and go right down to the candlestick's close. See that? And that became the fair value gap. Now that's two measurements. Two measurements to get a inefficiency defined. But now when we're going to use these inefficiencies, we can now project them into the future and determine very specific price points in an unrealized dealing range. What was that? That's a lot of words out there, isn't it? So if we are bullish, okay, and I'm going to make the case and it's going to be a stretch for some of you to believe it, but on the 7th of June, I told you that I felt that we were going to try to gravitate towards this level on the dollar index. Therefore, putting downside momentum in play for Euro dollar and pound dollar. So if dollar's going to go up, that teeter totter effect, if this is going up, it's going to allow EUR dollar and pound dollar to go lower in concert with the the appreciation higher in dollar index. So I'm looking at the time and I'm already getting too longwinded. So I got 15 minutes to wrap this bit up and go into the review. I know some of you like just keep going. We like the long ones. I I don't want to make this one a long one. So, I'm I'm being very conscious of it. But this this day here, while we were right up here, I said that it's good for you to take your profits. Now, I know some of you are short on Euro dollar. I know some of you were short on pound dollar. And I know some of you made lots of money doing that. I don't want to see it. So, stop sending it to me, okay? That's your business. It's not my business. But I'm also not trying to be the oracle. So don't use me as the, you know, the the timing element for you to get in or get out of your trade, okay? Because then I'm managing your trade for you and you're not getting experience by that. The only thing you're doing is tethering yourself to my opinion. So just like we have two ways of measuring and defining the imbalance when we do measurements for targeting, there's a lowhanging fruit objective and then there is the extreme. Okay? So, I'm going to teach you something in regards to fair value gas that Chris Lori never heard about. The guy he learned from never learned about everybody out there that does everything else in price action, okay? Mr. Al Brooks, okay? You're not going to see him teaching this stuff, okay? Any there, okay? And I want you to really pay attention to this because this is why my executions are laser precision. This is the reason why these types of things, this is what I'm This isn't all there is. And you don't need this to make money using my concepts, but I'm just doing this to kind of like stimulate your thought process about what it is you're learning here and why you should not fear these markets because they're absolutely rigged. They're 100% rigged. And if there was no evidence to that, what I'm showing you week after week, month after month, year after year, it wouldn't hold up. But yet it does. We're going to make this a little bit bigger. She never said that. So the open of this candlestick starts this price run here. Okay. So it's candlestick number two in the fair value gap. So we're seeing the the protraction higher this displacement above these highs here. This run resist the temptation to call that an engulfing candle. Okay? Because engulfing doesn't really adequately describe what's going on. It's displacing. It's leaving an area where this candlestick closed. We opened higher. So, what did it create? A gap. Opening range gap. Trades lower and it rallies up because it's drawing towards this level up here. This is the draw. This is the big magnum price action. If I'm going to measure the the influence for the unrealized dealing range, and what is that? The unrealized dealing range is when this candlestick starts and opens higher than this one, it trades down and starts to rally up. Sometime during this day, price was sitting around here. Okay, I'm trying to paint this for you. when price was sitting right here and we'll say it like this price was essentially around there. Okay. And this is where on the 7th and before that earlier in the year I told you we were going to go towards this level in dollar index between this price point or anytime during that day whenever you were looking at it between that price point and say that was the highest high it had formed for that that day so far. So in other words, anything above this line hadn't yet formed from this point here up to that level. This is what I call an implied dealing range. It's an unrealized dealing range. It means it has not traded there yet. We have an opinion that's going to take us up here, but we have to wait and submit to time. So from here to here we can start getting an idea where price may reach for. Okay. So this has taken out the previous day's high. So it's an all but guarantee that this is going to be the next run higher. So start where that candlestick opened for the day right there. Okay. So now from this candlestick's open all the way up to this high. That's an unrealized dealing range. We suspect that price will go there. See, your volume imbalance gives you clues on how to measure certain, you know, certain things. Orderflow doesn't determine these types of things. Elliot Wave isn't doing those things. Supply and demand isn't doing that. Okay? Larry Williams isn't doing that. Okay? No disrespect, Mr. Williams. But the point is, this day was Wednesday. It was literally It was literally part of a sustained price run that got close to our target, but we're on hump day, Wednesday, and we could see a midweek retracement or reversal. And because we hit targets on Euro dollar and pound dollar at the same time this was occurring. Hello. What up here at this price is significant? Well, let's take a look at the Fibonacci. Now, this is simply just math, folks. Okay, math applied to algorithmic principles. If there is an algorithm, and I know we're all supposed to be believing that there isn't there isn't one right now, just for the sake of the discussion in the lecture. If I plot that fib from the low of this candlestick body, which is the opening, and drag it on up to the low of this candlestick right there. See what I'm doing? I'm measuring the point at which this displacement begins. It's part of the power three that day, carried over to the very next day. This candlestick opened here, dropped down a little bit, and then from there it showed its willingness to want to go higher. So there's discount sensitivity on that low. We started on the power three element here and and I already know some of you already are you're already turning the channel. You're already saying this is too much. I and that's okay. But I promise you there's charter students right now that are drooling. And trust me, I'm going somewhere. This low from that candlestick's opening price, that right there is consequent encouragement. That's not concerning. That's not the focus. But what we want to do now is add a level right there. What is that? 1.25. What's the 25? We're assuming that this run here at that open to that low that range projected in the future 1.25 that takes us right about there. So here we have 101.795 right there. Man, that's the lowhanging fruit objective on this measurement. Okay, we have to now get the extreme. What is that going to be? Well, we have a volume imbalance. It's lower than there. Okay, so we have to use the the point at which the day closed. So, the body tells you the story, the wicks do the damage, right? So, we're going to go over to that opening price, I'm sorry, closing price to open up that fib a little bit further up. And there you go. So now we have 101.805. Okay, you see that? Now watch folks in the recording I was showing you last time while price was moving around meandering and Caleb sitting right next to me. I was explaining to him that this is going to show a strong likelihood of retracing right from this price level. Now go. Okay. So now if we have a fib anchored to this 80 and a half down to 79 and a half. Make sure it's showing on the numbers. Okay. That off. And this right here, we're going to put it as a blue line. Actually, make it a little bit darker. Like that. I'll extend it out a little bit. It's a little too many. All right. So, you have a projected portion of price action using my my fair gap using power three using the bodies and the wicks to determine a low hanging fruit objective and an extreme projection as well. And between the two, we can measure that out. Now, think, trust me, I already know what some of you are thinking. How did he figure this out, right? Because if it wasn't him tapping on this order, say, "Look here, it wouldn't have happened." So, all the glory goes to him. So, don't call me a genius because it's all coming directly from him. Nobody else out there's teaching this, folks, because believe me, if they were, I'd be pointing to them saying, "Hey, check this guy out." Okay? But apparently, I'm the guy. So here's consequent corrosion of those two levels. Look at the high of that candlestick. As I was telling you in the recording while the analysis was being talked over live price action, not market replay, not form fitted, not cherrypicked. Okay. Right up in here, the high comes in at 101.8. What's the consequent encroachment level? 101.8. Now you're going to tell me, folks. You're going to tell me. Okay, Mr. Orderflow, Mr. Level Two, Mr. Volume Profile, Mr. Elliot Wave, Mr. Gan, that all the buyers stopped having an interesting buying there. And then the sellers finally got interested at that price point and sent us down into the close of that day. that that's what you're going to that's what you're going to go with. That that's what you're going with, right? See, folks, I want you to understand something. Okay? When I show you something, when I'm talking about things, there's scientific data behind it. Just because you don't have it in your hands doesn't mean it doesn't exist. I'm not obligated to teach this to you, but when I see comments and people email me, okay, and they do these big essays that I don't have time to read, okay? So, I I appreciate you sending me these long-winded books of opinions and you titled the email about there is no algorithm and the markets are this, that, and the other thing. Okay, look, there's people out there all kinds of different religions. Okay, you're welcome. It's in our United States where you have freedom of religion. Okay? You can believe whatever you want. You want to believe the spaghetti monster, hey, it's your business. But in the markets, there is an algorithm. It is in every market and it's controlling price. It's the delivery mechanism. Now, you can get all worked up in in a in a frenzy about wanting to defend the opposing view of that, and it's not important to me. I could care less. But I want you to understand that there's nothing like this out there. And when I look at price action and I'm seeing certain things, when I'm looking at price, and this is on a daily chart, folks, this stuff exists on all time frames. All time frames. And the only way that can happen is if it's scripted, coded, and someone knows what's up. Now, I'll just leave that out there for you to figure out what that might mean, what it implies. You know, hey, you I'm sure there's a Netflix movie in there somewhere, but the point is this. The market did in fact retrace right where I was saying it was going to likely do it. And the science behind why I said it was a good idea to do so. Remember, I'm doing it before it happens. I'm calling things on the daily chart before it happens because I got so many grievy grievous um messages or whatnot belly aching to me about how I can't watch your stuff anymore because you're only talking about intraday charts. Okay, I'm not trying to cuddle all of you. I'm trying to show you that the lower time frames afford lots of opportunity for you to practice and study because the same thing that you're seeing on a one minute chart or a five-minute chart is going to form on a daily chart. It just takes a whole lot more time for that to occur once it obviously delivers. You could be weeks or months before it's completed. How long are you going to stick with that exercise and trying to learn if you have to wait that long for the feedback? You're not going to stay with it long, folks. I know because I couldn't do it either. So, I fell in love with lower time frames because it gave me lots of practice. It's like the It's like the shooting range. You know, you go to the shooting range, as many bullish as you bring, that's how many shots you got. Well, if you can't bring all that many shots to the daily chart to do certain things and practice on, you know, you're you're relegated to just simply looking at hindsight data. And at some point you got to stop looking at simply hindsight data and market replay and you got to stick to the hard right edge and figure it out. And how can you practice that on a daily chart any faster than one day at a time? You can't. Okay. So that that's the reason why I'm on the lower time frames. I teach on the lower time frames because it's advantageous for you. Even if your model isn't going to be an intraday model, it's useful for you to learn that. Okay. Okay, so I've already uh used up all my time. Uh we got 7 seconds left and I'm going to have to go over time now. But I just wanted to toss that in there. Okay. Uh you know, you hear these people say there's always been imbalances in price. I didn't invent imbalances, folks. I codified the logic around how it pairs up with algorithm price delivery. And I codified that. Mr. Jones himself, here I am. Okay. So whether you choose to believe that or not, I could care less because there's nobody else out there telling you about this stuff before I did. And I'm answering people when I say this. It's not me saying it because I love myself. Many of you come here and you watch a video and you think you're an audience of one. You're the only person I'm talking to. Like nobody else has a question. No one else has anything ever sent to me. No one has a concern. No one has a uh a doubt. When I'm talking, I'm addressing and responding to people. I'm not going to pull up their email and show you their novel they wrote me, okay? [laughter] It's it's pointless. That's who cares, okay? But I am going to address it because this person has a little bit of an audience and I'm sure they probably are either being warmed up to that same approach or that viewpoint or they're trying to attempt to do so with that crowd of people that's interested in what their opinion is. So, uh, again, just look at what we've done since the 7th of June. Beautiful run off of that inversion pair bay gap. There is for the support and resistance crowd. There's an old high back here, but uh, it didn't it didn't trade there, did it? Didn't do that. But it used the logic with the bodies supporting the idea of that becoming an inversion fair gap because it started as a volume imbalance and then it delivers buy side here and then sellside delivery and it leaves it. So watch what happens. The volume imbalance changes its characteristic to a fair value gap. Even though there's no bodies here, it was deferred at a later time. Buy side was offered. That means the price simply was allowed to trade from its lowest point, which is this candlestick's close to this candlestick's close. It traded from the low end of it to the high end of it and then back down. So we have up down and then when it leaves that range, this becomes a balanced price range. But we use it through the lens of a fair value gap that was down because we opened lower here but the body stops on that close. So this separation between these two candlesticks we measure that and we call it first a volume imbalance but it was created by down delivery. Okay. So sellside delivery not liquidity. It was dropped lower when it's formed over here. It goes up and down and then leaves it with this candlestick there. So it becomes a balanced price range and we simply use the logic of it would have been if this would have been like one candlestick bridging from here to here this would be a sell sign on a bounce by sign efficiency or fair value gap. If we trade above it like we do here, naturally based on how I teach, that would be used as a inversion fee, which is why I labeled this whole business on the 7th of 2026 of June of this month, gave you the analysis on here. It would go down here, go here, go here, and then draw towards this. But it does not need to. On Wednesday, when I was doing that recording when price was still moving around and my son was sitting here saying, "Hit him something good today, Dad. show him something really impressive. [laughter] So, maybe some of you missed it. You maybe some of you said, "Okay, well, that wasn't a big deal. Maybe this isn't a big deal." Okay. Um, we go into Euro dollar real quick. See if we can get this done in less than 12 minutes. All right. So, here's the business here. inversion fair value got the market dropped hit our target here from last week I told you that we want to see this traded not necessarily this low here last week before the uh week closed we ended up getting it here on Friday last week you see that we got that target then we opened up here and then right from jump street on Monday went Monday Tuesday Wednesday bang there's the day when I said take your profits on shorts on Euro dollar and pound dollar and then we had this little bit of a whips saw up in here. So, what I'm measuring there is the wick. This is a discount wick because in in difference to where we are on the candlestick itself, but when price is below it, this is a premium wick. So, you have to know where at market price, where are you in in relationship to the PD array or the wick in this case. So, consequent encroachments here. We traded up and just fell short of that. You see that we hit the 375 level at octant and then look at the nice repelling away. It did and then closed back below the low I told you that would reach for on the 7th of June 2026. So, how about that? How about that? [snorts] Uh, pound dollar. And the guy goes on in the email about how I'm only looking at NASDAQ and my stuff doesn't work in other markets. and uh had a long-winded thing about how my stuff doesn't work in gold. Come on. Come on now. I don't know where you've been, but uh it it's still working. Here's pound dollar uh sibby which we'll see it reclaim that. We talked about all that business here. I told this would be a inversion fair value gap. It used it here. We had small little gap. It used that. Look at the bodies respecting the consequent encroachment of that midpoint. Then we drop down into our target. And then the next order of business would be should dollar continue going to our target uh pound dollar would reach into here. And look at the last recording. It'll show you why this is a blue box. I'm not going to go into that and save some time. And ultimately if we get some, you know, extrapolation on the upside on a dollar index, relative equal lows, that being the lowest one here for pound dollar, that's that's a good target. Anything more than that, you know, I'm not willing to go beyond that. But near-term, we're looking at this. All right. So, we're going to look at the gold. All right. So, here's the target I gave you for gold. Um, we look for that low. Uh, we hit that on, wouldn't you know it, Wednesday also. And then we had a little bit of a retracement. We're inside a small little fair value there. Uh, so there's another target using this CBI. We were looking at gold back here saying take your profits. Look to see if it fails in here. inversion fair value gap and came to fruition went lower. We were looking for lower prices and then finally got it. Okay, so enormous amounts of opportunity here in terms of what could have been yielded to you as a short holder. Let's go into silver. It's kind of like a victory lap here today. That's all it is, folks. And then we talked about silver. silver went in here and then this was a $60,000 or actually more than $60,000 per contract if you were acting on this in your demo account of course and we were looking for that low and inside this buy balance 7 efficiency and go back and listen to the recording on the 7th of June and also the most recent one I did just past this this week here and we dove down into that handsomely look at the consequent encroachment of that hit that so there's another target so big big bunch money, man. Big money. I'm content with this. You know, obviously until this is changed, I'm not looking for a low farm and going higher. I'm looking for it to continuously move lower, especially if dollar index goes higher. If dollar goes higher, gold and silver and oil and all the other markets are going to continue going lower. Speaking of oil, let's go over to that another victory lap here. Remember, this stuff only works in uh index futures, right? That's what the guy was saying. So, here's over $20,000. And I I said this very day, fade what our president's saying about the wartime stuff because they're fronting like they're going to do something and they know that it's going to have an impact on the marketplace and then they're fading you. Okay? So, it's a it's a trap and that's what we've seen a couple times so far this year. And people are hip to it now. So, now because a lot of people are hip to it, it probably won't have such a importance or role in in the future. they'll change their strategy. Let's put it that way. So, over $20,000 per contract in there. That was our initial target. And then I told you in here, you don't see it, but watch. Ready? And boom. That was the next target. You got to watch the last video to see it. Okay. So, look how it hit consequent encouragement there of this volume imbalance. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. And then we had um other levels in here that would clear these relative equal lows. But again, just watch that video. I'm content with this. This is rather handsome. So, right there, good grief, over $150,000 in potential demo profits [laughter] if you would have taken these ideas since the 7th of June. And mind you, this is for free. I'm not charging anything. And the price ain't going up. So, that's pretty good, isn't it? Let's go over to um what was the other market we were looking at? Um, let's take a quick look at Bitcoin. Here's Bitcoin. Our target down here went to that, went below it, just like everything else is having a little bit of a retracement in here. I'm not I'm not bullish on this market. I I think we we got our target one. Uh, target two is consequent encroachment, which is this low to this old low, which I'm not going to scrub back. If you've been watching my videos, um, you know what this level is. Half of that is right there. So, that would be target two. Originally, I had this as target two, but when this low formed, I changed this to target two, which is halfway between this low and this low. Now, this is target three, target four, and rounding out the the best support level there is here around zero. So, uh, we're going to wait and see what happens. Um I I did a short in a paper trading account. Some uh some guy says this is my signal when I said that uh Bitcoin was um he pretty much abandoned all hope. He said he says that's my signal and that was right here. Okay, I'm make I'm giving you five minutes of fame by the way. Um but in here I went short near the the high end of that and then wrote out that day low. So, you didn't see any kind of executions on that guy, though. But you you seen my 25,000 paper bills. How about that? But I'm still learning Bitcoin, you know. I'm still figuring it out. If I ever figure it out, I'll talk to you about right now. Just, you know, it's a little confusing for me. Let's look at the the Dow. And now this hooker here, she continuously does whatever she wants to do. Okay. The dirty 30. I understand there's some of you out here that you absolutely love this indicy. I loathe it. I can't stand it. I look at it as a diseaseinfested mangy mongrel. Okay, so this thing has been allowed to to go higher. At the same time, let me show you real quick. We're going to adjust for contract rollover. See that? It still makes a higher high. You see that? It's going to be important in a moment. So, since I could care less about this and I just want to show you that by contrast, the Dow has gone up higher. And even if you impose the contract rollover feature by hitting this tab down here, whether on or off, it didn't make a lower high. Okay. But now we're going to go into ES. Here's this one. And you see this high, we went slightly higher there, but watch. It's not there. It's not there. Okay. So, this low I mentioned the other day on X when I was specifically talking about it from NASDAQ, we use all those levels here. So far, I said that this could act as a U inversion for a gap. Why? because it first starts off as a volume imbalance, but it was delivered with a buy side delivery. In other words, the next candle up that created the volume imbalance where there's no bodies touching these two candlesticks. That means it's a bullish PDA if the market's bullish. It's not up here. It trades down through it. And then we trade another one here higher and we trade down and then we leave it again. So, this becomes a balance price range. But then we use the characteristic of an inversion fair gap. So if it starts its original utilization as something bullish if it's changing that and the inversion aspect kicks in that means now it's going to be bearish. So we're going to see it treated as resistance. You see that? And then we sold off. So one caveat here. Okay this is what makes this very complicated and it's not going to be clean. it's going to more be it's more likely to fail. Okay, so this I'm telling you this in advance that way if it doesn't deliver. I'm showing you why it doesn't. There's a whole lot more reasons to know things like that and have more importance around why something shouldn't be done like a specific trade or following a specific logic around my concept or somebody else's stuff. Uh knowing when not to do something is the most important thing. That's the that's one of the best rules you can have. the best rules you can have because it's not the people that make a lot of money because they win a lot. It's because they don't lose as much as everyone else does. And I'll say it a different way. Control your losses and your wins don't have to be stellar and you can be profitable. Big money can be made by gamblers. There's lots of people in the trading industry, lots of them. Some of them have YouTube channels, some of them live stream. Some of them have, you know, pretty respectable, you know, followings, but they're really not traders. They're gamblers. They put extreme levels of leverage on just to hope and pray that the outcome comes in their favor, but then they blow up a lot. They go through a lot of resetting accounts, you know, horrendous draw down. I'm not trying to capture that in your imagination and say that's what you're striving for. Nobody should be going out into this industry trying to do that stuff. There's a better way of doing it if you know what you're doing and you can control yourself. It's about controlling the losses. You can't keep them from coming. But if you knew how to avoid certain things that other other traders would, you know, tread inside of and fall victim to that snare, that's the real that's the real secret is not losing as much as everyone else does in frequency and the enormity of the loss or draw down. So if you look at this down close candle right here, see that? That's the largest one. So you have change in the state delivery there because look the look at the body there. See that? I'm not looking at the the wick because we're going to come into that in a moment. But here, just from order block only, this is the change in the state of delivery right there. See that? But just to the right of that, we have this enormous wick there. So, whenever you have that, just like a gap, wicks take precedence. Why? Because they're balanced price ranges. It opened the wick high here at this candlestick's close down to the low and it came all the way back up to that same price point. So, it did both directions in this portion of that candlestick, the wick. Okay. So, now what we're looking at is the consequent encroachment of that level. It needs to close below that. Until it does that, this is still not high probability to go to where I said it was likely to go, you know, below these lows. And the low was based on a NASDAQ low. But just be mindful that this is ES and it had a little bit more willingness to want to go lower than that of the NASDAQ. Candlestick speaking, by the way. So, we're going to look and see if that's the case. And then we'll go over to NASDAQ now and wrap this video up. I went over my time. So, same bit of business here. This a contract adjustment for rollover. Um, same thing here. Suspension block. We have a uh volume of bounce at the low, volume of bounce at the high. So this one candlestick is being suspended between one two volume imbalances. So if we measure that and treat it as an inversion fair value gap the bodies here couldn't get up to here once we had this full run down there bodies are staying in basically the middle of this and then the next candlestick on Friday we opened traded up couldn't get to consequent encroachment and dumped lower cleared up these lows and traded down into the upper quadrant of this wick same bit of business here we want to see a close below this level here on NASDAQ if we get close below that then I'm confident that it's going to reach the the target I told you to atline on X it was uh what was it 5 something 513 I think it was the low the level I don't know you have to figure it out and go back and look at my tweets but uh I said basically it's these lows here it was me you know just basically roughing it looking at it but it's 28,517 so I was picking something just below that so I think if I'm not mistaken I I think it was 513 I posted, but whatever. Just use that low, one tick below that is enough for me to be right. Okay, that's all I'm saying. But the if then if it trades down here and closes below this price, then this is a very strong candidate for it being taken out. It's a relative equal low. Um, same thing here, lower high than this one. But watch when we go back into that. You see that? So, it's very useful there. You see how I'm I'm slowly teaching you more and more things that no one else talks about. This little tab down here holds a lot of secrets. Okay. The first thing I introduced to you is I like toggling to see where the volume imbalances are. And then I taught you how to find targets and how to find the next stage of targeting when that lower threshold or low hanging fruit objective is met. And now you're seeing that you can see SMT divergence. See that? Isn't that neat? So, it's a matter of perspective and when to look for something, why the tool is useful because if there's no use for it, if you're not painting a wall, why are you grabbing for a paintbrush? Think about it. You're not going to grab a screwdriver if you're trying to paint the wall. And so many times in trading, people have all kinds of indicators. They have these little gimmicks and they don't really have a solid reason for utilizing it. They just try to use it all the time. And that's unfortunately what happens to my new students when they come to me. They look at all these videos, 800 plus or whatever it is. I don't even know how I lost count. It says it on my YouTube channel. Just go over and check a take a look at it. Um, and by the way, I'm going to ask you for a favor at the end of this video. Press, trust me, it's not I'm not asking for any kind of money or anything like that. But, uh, people look at that number of videos and they think, "Ain't no way I'm going through all that. There's no way. I got all the time in the world to do that." But I think what happens is when people start taking a little bit serious and say, "Okay, I'm gonna I want to go through a mentorship. You can start with 2022, okay?" And just go through. If you go through 2022 and you like that and you feel like you you got a little bit of a baseline, go right into the u 2016 2017 paid mentorship playlists. That was what I charged money for. people all around the world had a legion of people all around the world that came in and watched me do what you just watched me do this month. Call everything before it happened, give it to you on a daily chart and then we sit and watch it and everything except for dollar index trading to that high yet. But I told you in the last recording that you can stop and I gave you the science behind why I was telling you that and it was perfect to the tick. Okay, again come on man. So the old man hasn't lost it, okay? The stuff works. And when you learn these things, no one can take it from you. They can try to talk all they want about how it's this, it's that, it's somebody else's stuff, whatever. They don't have any proof of that. It's just them trying to show opinions and trying to reject their insecurities because they don't like the fact that you can do things that they can never do. Unless they use my stuff, they're not going to be able to do these types of things. not they're not going to be to the tick. They're not going to be precise about where the draw and liquidity is. They don't know where the market's going half the time. And they're all looking at the wrong things, but they're placing faith in these things as this is the real secret. The real secret is you have to look. You can't just look at a candlestick like I'm showing you here. You just can't look at a candlestick and know what's really going on. Well, why did this thing just all pan out again on a daily chart? You guys complained and said that I can only do this on one minute charts and somehow I'm faking that. So, how do I fake the whole daily ranges for a month? How'd I do that? Come on now. Over a half a million dollars. Do all the contract measurements and and what was afforded to you in terms of profitability. Half a million dollars given to [clears throat] you for free. Okay. No Discord membership, no PayPal, no tips, no super chat, you know, uh, monetization and chats, none of that stuff. None of that stuff cuz the old man's padded out. Okay, these these pockets are bricked up. I don't need nothing from y'all. Okay, that's why I'm not in a hurry putting that book out for sale because some of you think I need that to get groceries. I don't need it. I don't need it. So, here's the favor. Okay, [clears throat] I'm of the opinion, okay, I'm of the opinion that [clears throat] a couple years ago when I mentioned Christ and gave him honor on resurrection day, I had a enormous hit on the channel. And about a month or so ago, I also did a live stream on a Saturday morning. I didn't even I didn't even tweet it. I didn't say I'm going live. So, no one knew unless you were subscribers. Okay. And about seven minutes into the stream, I had over 50,000 people watching the stream. In less than 10 minutes, they all dropped off and it only showed like 1,600,800 people. Okay. So, my question to you is, what do you think's happening? What do What do you think's happening? It's one of the two. either they don't like the fact that I'm talking about Christ and I don't care if they have a problem with that. I don't care. Like I don't need AB. I don't need it. I don't need YouTube. I don't need that. But I'm not going to shut up about him. I mean, he's the whole reason why I know what I know. If he didn't give it to me, I wouldn't be able to talk about it. I wouldn't be able to show you before it happens proving it. And I wouldn't have been able to communicate it to the the world and people all around the world making millions of dollars trading with it. difference, folks. Not just teaching it, okay? They've pocketed with real trades, documented, verified. Hello. Hala. It got some people upset, but it's too late. That's out of the bag. Even if they vanquished my YouTube channel. And what if I got on an airplane and and I'm never getting on a plane, by the way. But what happens if I got on a plane and somehow it didn't get to my destination? There'd be all kinds of conspiracies. They got him. They got him. They're not going to do things like that because to do something like that would put a big bulletin board on. They silenced me. Okay. So, they do it in subtle ways. They want me to feel less inspired to do it. And I'm of the opinion I want to test something. Okay. Also, I kind of want to leave this whole ICT thing. Okay. The channel will stay up. This all the videos are going to stay there. Okay. Um, my YouTube channel stays titled The Inner Circle Trader. So many people are coming at me saying, "Well, if you're trying to leave ICT, why don't you just give up the name?" They would love nothing more because then they could scam the entire world. Okay? They want my website. They want my name. But see, here's the thing. I'm doing business as my identity. It's me, okay? And that's going to stay that way. That's why the YouTube stays there. Okay? I don't care what it makes. It doesn't make really all that much money. But the point is, it's doing business as the inner circle trader. So in relationship to what I suspect may be going on and also to leave the identity of ICT because I I don't want to be defined by that. I'm a whole lot more than three letters. And I'm not trying to say that pompously or arrogantly. Like I think there's some depth to me as a person that's outside of trading. And I kind of want to have a little bit more freedom to talk about other subjects and trading, but not through the lens and perspective and persona of ICT. So what am I getting at? I want to start another channel away from the whole ICT thing and kind of like show you, you know, a different side of me where you get to see me. Actually, notice that you don't really see me on this channel. It's like a faceless channel. And that's why a lot of you thought for a long time that I was AI and that's not true. But I I want to kind of like share things with you. also give you a different more grassroots approach to trading using my stuff and not be so uh performance-based and try to, you know, hold your attention because I think I got enough people to pay attention now. And I also want to compare and contrast because I I know I know that somebody's getting what I'm collecting and I'm not getting my my fair share. Let's just say it that way. So, if I'm going to do it, um, I'm going to ask you all to, uh, you know, subscribe to it. When I when I create the channel, I'll I'll tweet about it. I'll put a link on this channel also, and I'll mention it in a in a video. And then after that, I won't do any more updates to this channel. All my future work will just simply be on the new YouTube channel. And I want to compare and contrast the growth of that one versus this one because I'm getting anywhere between 25,000 and 40,000 new subscribers every single month on this channel. But the views are strangled. How's that possible? It's called shadowbanned. Okay? And like I said, I don't need it for the money. I just want to be able to say, "I told you so." because there's no way that somebody grows that many new subscribers and then the views still go down and they never reflect the real the real thing. So, that's another reason why I left the comment section open recently because if you're watching the video, do me a favor and just say say anything you want to say as long just don't be rude, okay? You can say I I saw the video or if you didn't like something in the video, just say I don't care. Um, but I want to be able to see if you watch the video. I want to see between the comments versus the number of people that are watching it. I know some of you are never going to comment because you're probably a teacher of my stuff and you don't want the people that learn from you in another country that don't know about me. You don't want to you don't want to blow that because they'll see you post on my channel and be like, "What in the world? We're paying you for this guy to give it out for free." Yeah, exactly. So, I'm like the golden goose that everybody wants to hide, but I keep putting myself out there in, you know, Times Square in New York broadcasting. So, here it is. Um, if they ever take away YouTube from me, I have other ways I can come out and talk, but I I just think that I want to leave this whole ICT thing. I'm getting older. Um, my grandson is adorable. He's growing up fast and I know eventually he's going to go on the internet and he's going to see and hear me performing as that persona of ICT. And I know that that's going to influence him and I I don't want that. I want him to see, you know, pop up in a way that uh I'm a little bit more proud of. Not that I'm not thankful that the Lord, you know, obviously blessed me, but I'm tired of being Elijah in trading where I'm I'm mocking everyone and and and telling everybody their stuff is garbage and trash and stuff. I just want to be and I I still believe it's true, don't get me wrong, but I I don't need to keep saying it, you know? I I just want to walk a different walk with all of you and show you who I am as a person without that ICT mask because it take a it takes a lot of effort, you know, to do that kind of stuff and then later on have to repent for for doing the things. And you don't hear me cussing now because I told you I don't want to do those things. And that's all performance art to to hold the attention of new viewers or crowd building. And it's nothing short of like um the dude that plays Reacher. Okay. Um I'm certain that he's not gonna carry himself like that, you know, in front of his kids and stuff. The things he does in his in his show or you know series on being, you know, Jack Reacher and the same thing has been like that for a long time using Inner Circle is the longest running persona I've had. I've had all kinds of other personalities and I just I'm I'm tapped out with it. I'm bored with it. It's [sighs] it went way beyond what I wanted it to become and it's defined who I am and I I got people in my family, they call me that. It's like come on. My close friends call call me ICT. Like I don't like that. Like it's it's tiresome. So, what I want to do is kind of like migrate away from that persona. And I'm always going to obviously be that guy, but I don't want to have to be held to the expectation that I have to perform like that guy. I want to be able to talk to you, you know, like a like a, you know, an average person. And just say, "Hey, look, you know, this is this is my opinion about it. Uh, I'd like to know what you think. And this is also the things I do in my life, too. Look, I I do these things. um I do other stuff and maybe that's not interesting to you. Okay, maybe it's not uh you know so it's exciting and you might say well I'm not interested in that. Nobody cares about that. I don't care if you don't care. I'm not doing it for you. I just twofold reasons. Number one, I want to prove that I'm shadowbanned. two, there's a lot of you out there that want to see a different side of me where like you'll see me talking to you and I want to show you some things that in the world that I think is important and I think that's useful information and I think it'll be a different experience. I don't think it'll be a bad one but I for the people just simply here for trading knowledge and they want to you take notes and stuff like that I'll have lectures and talking about in trading. So, I I'll have it segregated. Everything that's market related, there'll be a playlist that's that you can go right there. But anything that's not market will be in its own little playlist. That way, everything's easily organized because all this stuff on this channel was just like a a big information drop of here it is. Boom. There it is. I was building a huge encyclopedia collection of my stuff and logging things by date and time, by experience of what the market should or shouldn't do. And that's my track record. That's my track record. You don't get to see my finances. You don't get to see any of those things. I don't show the broker statement or broker I don't show broker statements either. You've seen broker statements. I've logged into live brokers and done that before. It's on this YouTube channel. I don't know why you guys pretend it ain't there, but I don't have an introducing broker relationship and I never would. And I have so many brokers reaching out to me now in email all week long and you know all of them and they want to have an affiliate deal with me and I don't do affiliate marketing. I don't do it. I probably could make lots and lots of money doing it, but you know what that does? That buys my opinion and it's not real. It's not organic then. And I just can't live my life like that. Like I can't do that. And I know there's a lot of you out there that make a really good living doing affiliate marketing. And I'm not talking down to any of you because a lot of you are my students. You know, you you've piggybacked on the popularity of what I've built and what the Lord's blessed me with and shared with the world. And that's cool. I got no problem with that. I got no problem with that. But me individually as a person, I just can't I just can't do it. I can't do it. I feel like I would be prostituting what I was gifted with and I just don't want to do it. But I don't want to stop sharing. So I'll leave that up to you. Obviously, you know, there's going to be probably a very very slow growth on the channel in terms of the followers, but again, I I do this for free, folks. I don't charge you anything. And I don't really ask you for anything. Like, I don't ask you for nothing. But this is what I'm going to ask you for. Yeah. I would like for you to support the new channel just simply by subscribing. And whatever I post, just try to leave a comment cuz I want to see is it going to happen in the new channel or am I going to see this explosion in viewership that this channel is not being allowed to show. And for that I I I greatly appreciate your your participation in that part. And I think I'll I'll find interesting ways to hold your attention and and and teach you some stuff. There's a lot of things outside of trading I think that you would be blessed with. And I'm not talking about Bible stuff, too. I do want to go sometimes into that, but I don't I don't want to force it on traders because I know a lot of you don't have the same faith as me. And I don't want to be ignorant and hold you hostage and knowing that I might say something trade related, but you have to listen to things about what I believe that outside of market trading. So, I'm trying to be more friendly to the viewers so that way you can have better control on what content you're taking in by me as the content creator, but also helping me in regards because your time invested in this stuff obviously is a huge commodity expenditure, but also equally me spending my time for free sharing something that I've made millions and millions of dollars with that you're not entitled to. That's a big capital expenditure on my part, too. I'm spending my lifetime on on strangers. And I've over the years seen people literally spit in my face using my stuff and then be disrespectful to me like they had a voice before me given it to them. It's crazy. Like, it's literally crazy. But in this realm, I've always invited drama. I've always invited arm wrestling matches. I've always done that stuff. The new channel, I don't want any of that kind of stuff. So, if you if you try to go over there and you try to be problematic or whatever, um you'll get blocked and banned. Okay? And because I don't have any in I don't have any interest in doing that on that channel. But I'm I'm out here on Twitter. You know, if you want to bark, I'm here. [laughter] just your leg and see how long it lasts. Until I talk to you next time, enjoy your weekend. Be safe. I don't know what's coming up this week. Um, my wife's taking another trip. She's taking Caden going somewhere. I don't know what they're doing. Um, so it's going to be just me and a girl. So, I don't know what I'll end up doing next week, but I'll probably spending time with you. I'm not doing live streaming anymore. People are asking all the time, can you go back to live streaming? I'm not going to be doing any live streams. Okay, that I'm not going to do. Um, even with the new channel, I'm not I'm just simply not going to do it. So, I think that um there's some changes coming. Some of you may not like the changes, and that's okay. I can live with that. Um, some of you won't want to do the migration to the new channel. That's okay. I can live with that, too. Um, but I know enough of you will, and that's okay. That's the That's the core group I'm talking to and I think they'll always be a core group and I hope that you uh you get something out of that experience with me because promise I got some really really cool things I want to share with you. And there's a whole lot more things to life than just simply making lots of money and trading. Lots of money in trading is fun. Lots of money in trading is a blessing. But there's also some things that I think that would really enrich your life. And I I think if the Lord gives me more time to share it that you'll be richly blessed for it. So I'll talk to you next time. Be safe.
