================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: Futures Commentary & Motivational Lecture \ June 24, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxdAOfcp6gE
================================================================================

Hello Ron, how are you? So me thinks that we could go over some hindsight today. So we're going to look at a couple markets here. It's probably the awfully we're going to looking at the the dollar index, okay? The dollar index looks like it's going higher. Let me just tell you that right now off the cuff. I got to be honest with you, man. This looks bullish to me. Now obviously, it's been going up. So I feel pretty smart in that regard. How are you folks? How you doing? You doing well? I am doing wonderful. Thank you for asking. So uh before I get into this, if you go to the YouTube channel, click on this mug, okay? Uh you'll go to June 7th. Okay, that's down here, okay? Futures review and commentary. As you can see, it was published on June 7th, 2026. And that will tell you everything before the fact and everything prior to that also, okay? I talked about the silver and gold going lower. I talked about crude oil going lower. I talked about the indices behaving a certain way and I talked about how the dollar index was going higher and then euro dollar and pound dollar would go lower as a result. So let's take a look real quick. I don't want to keep you here too long. Here's the headlines. I tweeted these in screenshots. So gold falls below 4140 as silver drops over 4% on Fed fears and silver plunges 50% from record highs as dollar strengthens. Well, that sounds like a echo, doesn't it? Echoes from June 7th. >> [laughter] >> From the old man. All right, so here is the business on dollar index. Okay, if you recall, I told you that we would likely come back in on this particular candlestick that was posted on June 7th. So, this was the only candlestick that was showing. I said that we could likely pull back down into this inversion fair value gap and then run up, take the small buy side, and then reach for 101.977. So, if you go over here, that's the high I told you that I'd like to see a trade to. So, so far in it up itself, uh that's actually a pretty good run. Okay? And if you're short on euro and pound dollar, it might be uh advantageous for you to take a little off the table. You know, pay the trader. I'm just speaking hypothetically, obviously. So, let's take quick peek at euro dollar. So, we'll go over here to this one. Oh, look at that. Look at that. >> [snorts] >> Well, isn't that delicious, puppet? Okay, so we looking at over here, we cleared that low. I mentioned last week on Thursday before Friday's trading began before it began, rather. Uh that would be a a good area for it to trade to, and I wasn't certain that it was going to go below the low by the end of the week. Uh then we get this run here, which is wonderful. And right over here, take this wick, okay? Drop your fib on the open of that candle down to its low. Only highlight the 50% level on your Fibonacci, and that is your consequent encroachment of that. So, that's your next downside target. If we close below this, then we'll likely take out that swing low there. Any acceleration, obviously, um with capitulation on the part of dollar going higher, this could be in contention and then this one as well, okay? So, just be mindful all of these levels here have a very, very large buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency just to the left, you see that? Okay. So, I'll change this. And what's that to the right? So, there's a lot of things in here. So, if we do find our way below consequent encroachment this discount wick and the sell side below this low, I just be mindful this inefficiency cuz it could be reclaimed, okay? Not for a long-term low, obviously. I'm not trying to go so far as to say that, but we could get some kind of a reaction in there, okay? But ultimately, so far based on the 7th of June, uh the the market has been behaving to script. So, that's rather handsome, isn't it? All right. So, we're going to run over to pound dollar. forex.com All right. So, we found our way down to our objective here. Uh we looked at this sibi here the other day uh on the 7th, I mentioned this one here. I said I want to see this as this inversion fair value gap and the 7th was the analysis day. We came up into the inefficiency, sold off, treated as inversion fair value gap, couldn't even get the consequent encroachment, took the sell side here, and then we have this low, which is the lowest between these two relative equal lows. Be mindful of this low if you are short on pound dollar. Uh Uh don't be greedy and assume that you're only good if you're getting a target below here. Take something off at that low or maybe even the consequent encroachment of that wick. You try not to demand perfection on your exits in this market See me in this [clears throat] market climate. So, um I received a couple of questions in regards to my event horizon concept. All right. So, I'll give you an illustration, okay? So, obviously back here I said that we were going to go lower. And we would aim for this. And if we can accelerate, we'll look for those lows over here. Okay? And you'll find that again in this video here. Okay? Futures review and commentary on June 7th, 2026. Published on June 7th, 2026, okay? If we have a low and we anticipate price potentially going even lower, we have to find out what low it could aim for. Or it could be a uh an efficiency, something to that effect. But we'll use this one first, okay? So, what we'll do is we'll take the fib, we'll anchor it to the low, draw it up to this low here. And then you go into your fib settings and delete all this stuff. Okay? And only highlight the halfway point. Okay? Or 50 level, 0.5 level. So, this is from this low to this low, this is event horizon. Now, this is a very, very strong candidate for price reaching to. If it goes lower, it could just just touch that level and then turn around. That's the reason why I utilize it. So, it gives me a way of I guess building some structure of predetermined partials and also weighing the magnitude and velocity of of a price run. So, obviously, I'd like to see it close below this level here. And that would indicate we're likely to take out that low. Now, we can also take that same thing and apply it to here. And now we have a consequent encroachment to slightly lower. So, in this case, what I would like to do is I'd like to take that idea of both of those areas and just treat that as a inefficiency or gap. That'd be good enough for government work. All right. So, in that area, we have two even horizons that are nested. And by having it done like this, it gives us a very clear area to anticipate maybe a small little bounce or it could absolutely reverse there. But, I don't know how they're going to book price until it gets there and if we close below it when it happens and it closes below, then my confidence level increases to therefore expect this low and that low to be taken out because both even horizons would be uh closed below. All right. Got a small little gap in here that used there. So, we'll see. It's a little reluctant to drop versus the euro dollar. But, uh yeah, unless things ultimately change for the foreseeable future, I'm looking for this to be a draw and eventually, if it can maintain its bearishness to get down here below 130 10, okay? Look look at crude oil. I told you I really wasn't all that interested in tracking [clears throat] it anymore, but I have a couple of things I want to make an observation about. We're lower here, obviously, over $20,000 per contract from when I was telling you that we would look for it lower on the 7th and then on the 11th of June, okay? This post here, I'll click on this so we can see it really was me tweeting this. It dropped down into this volume imbalance, okay? Now, if I look at clicking this on and off, right now it's off. If I put it on, watch what happens. See, that volume imbalance drops lower. That's why I have these two red lines there. So, the volume imbalance appears lower there where it's now just entering it at the moment, okay? So, if it continues to drop, it would take us down into this area here price-wise, which would also clean up these relatively equal lows. So, if you're short from up here and you're looking for our objective, which was this low here. That's how the chart looks on the 7th of June 2026 is commentary. But in here, this is the next draw on liquidity longer term. And watch the price is 6178 58 4, okay? Same value. But the volume imbalance is here. We're just just now trading into that. And that low that we anchored to before is actually here. So, when you're reaching for lower prices, the way you toggle the the adjustment on and off is number one, I'm looking for where the volume imbalances are and where there is a plethora of those volume imbalances, I want to first look at those. And then, in terms of targets, how far it can run. Uh I'm looking at old lows and old highs and I'm also looking at inefficiencies like I'm showing you here. We had the volume imbalance in this, but it's down here when you toggle it on. See that? So, these are two areas to be mindful of and that's how I use it. It's helping me determine prolonged protracted targets from where I think markets are at right now at market price to where I think it may go. But, you have to have a bias or a directional uh conviction behind your expectation on what price is going to do. Otherwise, you know, toggling this on and off, you know, you still have to learn how to trade. You still have to learn how to read price action cuz this is not going to it's not going to help you otherwise. You have to know what you're doing still. So, this is not a one-trick pony where you click it suddenly know how to trade. It isn't a matter of click it you know where it's going to go. You still have to have some analysis concept behind what it is you're doing. So, what are we looking for? Potential for price to gravitate down into this volume imbalance that takes us around Well, let's say 6180. Okay? And uh that that'll be a longer-term, intermediate-term target assuming we don't get something crazy going on in the Middle East that sends us higher. I said I would show you this. If you click on this, you'll see it goes right to my post. That was June 11th. And you can see the people that commented commented there. And Let's go back to the chart. And then now we'll go to NQ. Actually, uh let's let's go look at gold first. Gold. Okay, so we have this low here. 4,042.2 Um it's most likely going to hit that this morning. We've broken down off of this fair value gap I mentioned back here. It'd be bullish and uncivilized if you were not take profit. And I told you the reason why I felt that uh we were getting close to a high is because just like in the 1980s, Hunt brothers they tried to they say corner the market in silver. And the exchange went out about doing some things >> [laughter] >> just to make things happen. So, oh there's the there's the drop down into that. Look at that happen live. It didn't happen live. You didn't do this live. You're a fraud. Well, here it is. I'm doing hindsight again, right? I'm doing hindsight on daily charts that I talked about on the 7th and it's all delivering. So, it's it's probably random. But the Hunt brothers debacle in 1980. If you haven't ever studied that, it doesn't take long to take a little link on to Google and do some research on it. You'll see the extremes that the uh COMEX did to kind of like keep them from getting rich. And uh they had all kinds of trouble legally after all that stuff. And uh it is what it is, but because of way we were going, how we were doing it, uh you'll go have you'll have just have to go back in time and look at those recordings and lectures and the things I posted on the internet cuz it's all public. I'm not behind a paywall. So, everything I say is public information. And you'll see that it obviously, you know, went lower. We wanted to see if it was going to maintain the bullish market here and it was unable to do so. And we used inversion fair value gaps in here, which is not all shown here. Go back and look at the old analysis. I I like to keep things fresh cuz attention spans are very short by nature or human and I like to keep the things that are selling at the moment. But all these things were talked about back here, here, there, looking for that objective, and then where we're at right now. Okay, so just handsomely delivered. Let's go over to silver. Okay, and I told you on the 7th that we would be looking for this low here. And I told you we'll just call that 58. It's where the low over here is 57.965. I said just round it to to 58. Okay, you'll hear me say that in that June 7th, 2026. Now, we had other targets. We had this low here. Okay, and how we trade below this is indicative of what we do in regards to that. Okay, uh we're in the 50s again. I told you they wanted silver in the 50s. And there's no reason to anticipate this turning around. There's nothing uh in the cards that suggest that it should do that. Everybody that's long here, long-term uh funds and whatnot that have stops way down here and they have deep pockets that can weather all that stuff. Uh that's what they see. Here, this inefficiency, this low, and then ultimately this low. If it can get below here from last October, that'll be impressive, but uh for now, I'm just going to stick to what I said on the 7th, which is to simply getting below this low here. And that'll be uh simple enough. Um Bitcoin, and we're having a hold in around this SEBI here. Uh we had a nice little reaction there. Targets are this was target one. And then event horizon was here. And then the next target two is down here. Okay, so or technically target two would be event horizon. Target three and then there's another one down here. And then that there's strong support right here at the zero. But that's for another discussion another time. But the NQ, we'll take a quick look at that. All right, so I'm going to take this stuff off just for a moment. You see See that volume of balance and that volume of balance? By having that annotated as a shaded area the market dropped down in here. This market will have to go into adding that all back and go down into a 1-minute chart. I wanted to tweet when it was here that it was going to go up, take out these relative equal highs. And it did it. So, I don't know if I look so smart this morning, do I? It was these highs rather. Sorry. So, when it was trading here bull flag traders like to see this kind of stuff. They're like, "Oh, it's going to drop down." Buy side's there and you can see they just punched that right there. It's part of that inefficiency on the daily chart that I showed you, which is the volume of balance or suspension block rather. Which is a by side imbalance sell side inefficiency. In this case, on the daily, but it has a volume imbalance at the low end and a volume imbalance at the high end. But, if we go over here I know there's an easier way to do that, Michael. I know. I like putting you through it. If you're complaining, it means you're not falling asleep. Just don't complain to me on Twitter because I will or X cuz I'll mute you. I'll never see your post again. I can't stand complainers. Cloud chasers and complainers, they get muted. All right, so I gave you a chart that morning, lay of the land. And it was a minor by side liquidity pool. Which I'm not going to monkey around. I don't The more I move this chart around, I run the risk of trading view or my laptop one of the two. I don't know which one it is. It's probably my laptop. Um it goes off the rails and then the zoom doesn't let me show the time axis and the price axis axis. So, we'll just leave it as it is. All right, so this was a complex opening range. Uh the other day I was with my son, Caleb, and I said that we would likely see it trade uh softer to him. I was basically go- going over that with him live. And this inefficiency here, which I'm probably going to have to just simply show you. A 15-minute time frame. Right there. See that? It's a by side imbalance sell side inefficiency. It used it here and sold off. Here, same thing, hammered it. So, it's acting as what? A bullish PD array. To see if we can get to that buy side, okay? So, I put a little bit of a cushion on by shorting. I almost did that thing I was talking about earlier. Thanks. I I I know what I'm doing. I just don't want you to See? It's going to take me out and then what I'm doing I still did the wrong thing. Oh, man, you're slipping. All right, here you go. See, I know how to do it. I know how to do it. I just, you know, I like to do things my way. An old dog, you know, it's hard to teach him a new new trick, right? So, that minor buy side, we didn't trade to it. So, when I was looking at price action in here, around 9:30, I said, "Okay, this is the originally the bullish one. I'm going to anticipate this going lower treating this green box as an inversion fair value gap to take out the sell side here and trade down into this inefficiency." And I wasn't certain if we're going to clean this up here. So, I just elected to wait to see how it trades in here. So, on this candlestick, we went short inside this area here, which it's shaded to be bullish here, but inside that area off of this green shaded area from the 50-minute time frame, that's just a buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency. And I know this may be going fast for people that are brand new. If you take your time and listen to what I'm showing you on the chart, it'll make sense. And then watch the recording on the video I I shared on Monday where I was actually talking to my son live and I did the short here and I I covered I showed you the perils of using the paper trading module on TradingView the first five or seven minutes or so on TradingView is trash. I don't know what their problem is. I have no idea what it is. It always does it. Whether I'm using it through my PC or whether I'm using this laptop here that I'm always you working through when I'm dealing with everything on social media. It's definitely a TradingView issue. It's not a it's not a peripheral issue. It's something that's going on with their platform. And I've said it openly many times and I'm I'm literally 98% when my subscription ends with them, I'm not renewing it. I'm going to transition to NinjaTrader. NinjaTrader has not requested me to join them. They have not reached out. I'm getting I don't know what happened there recently in the last four to five weeks my email box has been slammed with all of these affiliate deals. Like everybody's trying to get me to be affiliate marketing with them. I think it's a a concerted effort to see who gets me first. >> [laughter] >> Can you imagine if I went with some firm or some company? They could come out, you know, realistically and say we're the only company that ICT trusted and cared enough to place his name behind. Think about that. That would be a very strong selling point. And that right there would get a lot of people. And and that's the reason I don't do it, folks. Okay? Because it's number one, it's it's not needed. I don't I don't need the money. But um it it just it's just screams you're broke. And and that's to me, you know, I don't need the I don't need to have those uh pennies. No matter what they would pay. And even even concerted uh collection of all that stuff. I'm sure it would be a handsome penny for some of you, but I just you know, I just don't really care. I don't need it. And I thank the Lord for that. But anyway, the market dropped here. It went into the inefficiency right there. And I covered and I waited for it to get back inside of it and then I went long again. And I was aiming for first target event horizon. Now, event horizon and what is this level here? Well, it's this high up to that level right there, which is the old short-term high. All right, let's go back to a 15-minute time frame. Okay, see it? That's the high here. That's it That's it, sorry. This is This is the high here. So, this high on 7:15 Tuesday of last week. That's what I was looking for potentially running to. And then this short-term high here. And on the one-minute chart, we'll see this, okay? So, just be mindful that the 30,869 and 3/4 level to this line. Okay? So, this high we'll do this. We're going to change it. And we'll put a ray on it so that way you can see the price. See that? You're learning today. You are learning. So, now at 30,975 and 1/2, we go back down to the one-minute chart. And we'll go over to the 22nd. We'll pick it up around there. See that? I know what I'm doing. I'm graduating. I'm no longer a noob. How about that? So, if we take this little high here, which is an old high prior to this little rickety little high here. If we anchor this, [clears throat] see that right there? Anchor that there, and this one here, we'll draw it up to 30,975 half. I got to make sure that it's on the half. There it is, boom. All right. And you'll see See that? The event horizon's right there, that halfway point. And I'll put it right back to control Z. Okay, and I did it by eyeballing it. I didn't actually put it on the actual tick, which is 922.75. See? I had it on 923. But that's the That's the consequent encroachment of this old high and this target. So, this is a target or a draw, I can see by measuring that where the halfway point is. Halfway is always always a really good general rule of thumb. Take a partial, uh be mindful that you may want to adjust your stop loss. When it gets to to event horizon, it's an event on the horizon that you must make a decision about where your stop loss is now going to be adjusted to, and are you going to take partials? And you should take partials. You should pay the trader. Stop demanding that you get your target and target only, or nothing. Because if you aim at nothing, you're going to hit it every time. Perfectly all the time. Nothing gets hit every single time with little to no effort. Here, you can see the market hits it and I was trying to pull my my limit order while I was talking to my son. I was going to take one off at just below event horizon at a limit order sitting there and then I dragged the take profit I was aiming for putting it right up to here. And for you the the clumsiness of my finger drawing on I have like a surface built-in mouse for this laptop and sometimes when I'm dragging the finger across it it'll slip off or I have to do another placement of my finger and then drag it again. Like if it's like going like I just did it right there. To go across this entire chart, if I start with the top of the surface area for this built-in mouse pad it it it doesn't afford me the whole run across from the highest point to the lowest point of my computer screen. So what happened was I was trying to drag the take profit up to there and I had the I let go of it and by the time I let go of it it dropped it right right above where market price was. And maybe it was the Lord. Maybe it was because it went right there, closed the entire position and then it would have stopped me out anyway. So that's good. Uh but I said, "Okay, I'm done." But my son and I we work together and I told him I said, "Listen, I'm going to show you something that my more astute traders and students are picking up on." When I'm when I'm looking at price action live and I'm calling certain things out live and they're pretty respectable targets and I'm kind of like announcing my interest in being a participant in that price run. Many times I've seen the market say immediate reversal. And I I I told my my my sons over time to be conscious of this. So, I I told them if it starts to become more prevalent, I'm going to dial back my public participation. And the more mature students, the more the real the actual trading students, not the ones that are just learning or dabbling with demo accounts only, uh the ones that are paying attention, you can see there's a whole lot of time fuller going on, okay? And I'm not going to make a big to-do about it because, you know, I get it, cuz that's what the market's going to do. If I tell you with a base of around 2 and 1/2 million people listening to me, even if just 1% of you act on what I say in terms of what I think the market's going to do, where my stop loss would be public, you're all going to try to do the same thing, even though I tell you not to do that. But because you're doing that, you're actually creating a very big juicy pool of liquidity that they can easily reprice to, just like that. It doesn't matter if I'm trading with a demo or if I'm trading with my live brokers' accounts. If I say where my stop is, that's going to cause all of you to think, well, if that's where he has his stop, I'm not going to think about it. I'm just going to put my stop there, too. Now, if there's a large pool of orders sitting at a particular level, we'll just say here, okay? If I say that my stop loss is at 3904, what are you going to do? You might well, I I I'm going to go in there and put it at 904, too, because I don't want to think too much about it. He He knows better than I do. He's got more experience than I do. And if it works out, you know, I have something I can talk to my friends at work about at the water cooler. But if just 1% of over 2 and 1/2 million people that follow me take what I say and do the same thing, you are herding h e r d i n g herding, pulling congregating a large pool of liquidity at a very specific price point. Now, I'm going to say something and please don't take this out of context, okay? But I want you to understand the logic behind why this is concerning. The word says, "Smite the shepherd and the sheep the sheep will scatter." Okay? I'm the largest influence right now in trading, bar none. And that sounds conceited and it's not meant to be, but just look around. These three letters, ICT, is everywhere, okay? And even if they don't mention me, they're still using my stuff. That is not bragging and it's not the point. The point is if I'm causing this much of a disruption cuz I'm like a virus, okay? I've turned everything upside down and I've taught everybody how these markets are really booking price and you can't you can't escape it. It's the facts. Calling one candle at a time and it delivers, you've seen it. Okay? You've watched my executions. Now we're in higher time frame daily charts. This is what I used to do behind a paywall. Behind a paywall, a legion of traders and students all around the world in different countries were watching me do this every single day. Every single day, high 90% accuracy. This is what the daily chart says. This is what we're looking for. And I realized over the last I I know, a couple years, we've been so ingrained and focused on the lower time frames because it's beneficial for you to do that. Because there's a lot of lots of opportunity to study, lots of information you can glean from it. And like stuff ways of practicing. You get lots of repetition that way. It's hard to get repetition in the daily charts because it takes a long time. Targets that I talked about on the 7th of June of this month 2002 26 just now today are being hit. It takes some time to get here. So, you can't get enough practice in to get good without spending a lot of time. Okay? So, that's why I teach in the lower time frames. Plus, I like to operate in the lower time frames because it's lots of opportunities and I can get the velocity of turning over, you know, a little bit of effort and multiply it. Whereas you're just using a daily chart, you're kind of like stuck in one gear. It's low. Low gear. Low gear can win. Low gear can get you paid. But low gear just isn't going to suit me because I've been doing it for 33 years. I just don't I don't have the patience to just stick to a daily chart. Now, it's helpful. It's helpful to use the higher time frames cuz it provides you a a context and a means of building a bias where you think the market's going to keep going. So, every day until those targets on the daily chart are met, strive for entries that put you in sync with that run based on the daily chart. So, what I said to myself was I said I posted a chart and it had all-time highs. Uh right there. Okay? So, I included this line, lay of the land, that that post I did on Monday, the lay of the land. And then this was the all-time high. Okay? I didn't say I wanted to buy it. I didn't say I wanted to go short. I just said that's the lay of the land. Now, with this like that, little fill. He can run it up here, take that minor buy side, and fail. But it didn't even go there. You can see that. But it went to event horizon. So that's why it's beneficial and helpful. Because it didn't get to take out that minor buy side at 30,975 half, as we were getting closer there, I was telling Caleb, I said, "I I'm telling you right now, I know that the market, and I'm saying that in in quotations. [clears throat] What I'm saying is is the folks behind the scenes. And I understand, folks. I understand. A lot of you don't believe these things are rigged. A lot of you don't believe in the market maker going for your stop because you listen to people that are really dealers. They're not market makers. And they say they're market makers. They say they're making the market. They're not controlling price. They are not controlling price. It is absolutely not happening. You're saying that that one person has control of the entire market. No, he doesn't. No, she doesn't. But she can pair orders and clear trades. But that's a dealer. That's not making the market. You don't have a say on where that next tick is. From the time that dealer that calls themselves a market maker says, "Okay, I'm going to clear this trade." You think the market's just sitting still until they do that next transaction? Cuz it's not happening, folks. That's not happening. It's so myopic. And And here's the thing. Because this market's so complex, people are always looking for the shortcuts. They're always looking for the easy way to explain something so that way they can just rate to, "How do I make money? Let me get in here and make money." Look at Look at trading education. Every student that comes to anybody that pretends to be an educator, the first question is is, "Can you teach me how to get in? Where do I buy? Where do I sell? Stop loss ain't even concerned because they don't intend to use one because if they never use one, they're never wrong. That's the that's the mentality. So, when you hear coming into the industry, you hear me say there is a concerted effort by an entity that I dub smart money. Wyckoff doesn't talk like that. He referred to as a composite man. Okay? It was an analogy. He was just speculating. I'm telling you for certain >> [laughter] >> absolutely for certain it's happening. But, manual intervention comes in, but it's autonomous now. Algorithmically, they don't have to be babysitting as much as they used to before electronic trading became a thing. Now, when people come into the industry and they hear someone say that the market's rigged and they are gunning for you, people that work in the financial industry, maybe they work at the stock exchange. Maybe they work at a brokerage firm. Maybe they, you know, are at a large investment bank. JP Morgan, Goldman, something like that. They'll say, "Oh, yeah, that guy Michael, you know, he's he's he's a proven fraud. He's a you know, nothing he says is real. Well, here here's the problem with that scenario, okay? Most of what I say happens to the tick based on time. Think about that. So, opinions, whether good or bad, are just simply opinions. But, statistical data and proof of saying what should happen, how it should happen, how it books, and then people using that same logic and making millions of verified documented profits. Sorry, but opinions have to simply left the chat. We're dealing with facts now. Okay? Facts. So, I've made many a millionaire around the world, different walks of life using what I teach. And now I've come to this crossroads where I know that I am now at the point where I'm absolutely influencing the market. I'm influencing the market. And I told my son Caleb, I said, "I know they watch me. I know they do. Okay? And I'm not concerned about that. I could care less. I'm glad they watch. But here's the thing. I told him Caleb, I said, "They're not going to take it to all-time highs. And if it can't take out minor buy-side here at that 30,975 half, it's going to break lower and they're going to keep dragging it away from there because they know most of you are looking for that level, too. You may have been long and you probably thought that level or maybe all-time highs were going to be hit and you never got your limit order off. And maybe came back and stopped you on a trailing stop or stopped you at your entry. This is where using a sell stop as an entry mechanism works. When you anticipate a a particular level traded to and you're drawing all-time highs or could be weekly highs. Don't think it just has to be all-time high. But this could be traded with like weekly highs. If it fails to get there, like say this level was a weekly high. It's not, but I'm saying this is say it was. If it can't get there, you can put a sell stop order. Like for instance, you're long, that would be an area we could trail a stop loss to get you out and lock you in to some kind of a profit and not let it erode that open unrealized profit. But if you don't have a long one and you place a stop sell on a stop order right below that low, when the market drops down to it, you're not in a long, so it's not stopping you out and getting you out of a long position. It's putting you in net short. You see? So, when that occurs, when that happens, and you also measure from that low, I'm sorry, from that high, which is lower than event horizon, and then you use event horizon like that. And then we'll just uh extend it over. All right, see that? So, what we have here is price jumping up, failing to get right there. And that little low right there, if it can trade below that, anywhere in here is a valid short on a stop sell stop. And when it breaks below that low, you want to see it then become very, very, very aggressive, which it does, and this was that old 15-minute buy-side imbalance sell-side inefficiency, which it's in green here, but now this would change its characteristic to this. Watch. Where's this body at? Look at this, right? You're constantly getting feedback when you're watching the the candlestick. I don't care what joker tells you you have to use some kind of modified candlestick, okay? Some kind of bar, some contortion to the data. >> [laughter] >> It's it's useless, okay? They have a religion when they do that. It's all time and price. Time first, then price. Okay? So, at 11:00, we're inside the macro here. Now, the macro says that we're not going above, we're going to go lower. So, just after the macro closes at 10:10, price is starting to run lower. We have these gradient levels here, these octant levels and quadrant levels in the consequent encroachment, which is the old high to event horizon. Very specific generic prices that I'm teaching you, but then now we're looking for the effects of that. So, the market comes up. Look at the bodies. Beautiful stopping right there. Yeah, we get these little and you know, price action where it just colors outside the line, just like your child when they color inside a coloring book, you're not going to scold them. You're not going to smack them upside the head. You're doing something wrong. You're going to take it to your office and put it up on your cubicle or whatever. If you're a mechanic, you have it hanging on your little clipboard out there in the shop. Okay? Or if you're a homemaker, you have it hanging on the refrigerator. And when you get up at night and you can't sleep, you go down there, grab a drink of milk or something, you see it and you smile. You think of You think of them. You're like, you know, these moments aren't going to last forever. Same thing when I'm watching my algorithm. I'm just looking at this and saying, "Okay, this is This is permissible." The downside is still likely to deliver. And I want to see it run aggressively out of that lower. And now we're inside that larger suspension block on the daily chart. And here, same thing, we can grade this. You can see all these You can do this on your own homework. Do the same thing I just did up here. You can see how it uses all those levels and we trade outside of it there. And then we consolidate overnight. >> Where's the fills? Right here. On the On the octants and quadrants. See that? Okay? Consolidation. Consolidation. Consolidation and then using swing trader mentality. Posted I wasn't going to share the short on X cuz you you wouldn't believe it. We break down aggressively. Now we're inside that daily suspension block. Look at this. What is that? Relative equal lows at an octant. Now I like that. So if we can get down below that, that's a good place to get out. It's also a good place to be long. Then by going long, you can reach for these relative equal highs here. Maybe trade up in this inefficiency. Maybe so much uh uh potential run up into that area there. And ultimately you you come to the conclusion that using these higher time frame approaches is nothing different than what we do in the lower time frame. It just takes longer time for them to pan out. And by having I guess the uh patience and just allowing price to do what it needs to do, which is very difficult to do. It's very very difficult in the volatility that we have today. Um they're very challenging market conditions. And admittedly, this is the toughest market condition that I've seen in three decades. Okay? 33 years I've been doing this. And I have never seen it as complex as manipulated as heavily influenced by our government. When when a president tweets >> [clears throat] >> when a president tweets and puts something out there that's so one-sided and then later on the market moves and then you they can do some research and say, "Wow, just before that information came out, there was a large uh opinionated post by a specific person in high authority. And it's almost like someone knew that was going to be posted. I- I- it proves why they haven't done anything about insider trading. You know, cuz if there's insider trading that we know that's been going on and all these senators get into hundreds of millions of dollars in terms of net worth when they only make $200,000 salaries. You come on. I- I- it's it's pretty obvious what's going on. That's why no one's done anything and that's why no one's going to do anything about insider trading. That's the honeypot. That's why everybody goes into politics. You get an inside edge about what's going to happen. And it's a good old boy club. And I'm not going to I'm not going to tear it down because honestly when when we look at the the less informed crowd in trading, okay? And to me, it's everybody else. And that might sound arrogant. It might sound like I'm being narcissistic or bragging about myself. I'm not bragging about me. Okay? I am bragging about the concepts the Lord's gifted me with and that I'm sharing with you. Because they are unparalleled. They're literally unparalleled. So, when you have something that's leagues and light-years ahead of everything else, everybody else is playing catch-up ball. And my visibility far exceeds everybody else. And I don't care if it's JP Morgan people, Goldman Sachs guys, I don't care if it's, you know, I don't know, you name it, okay? I'm out here proving it to you. Just talking about where the market's going to go, and it's happening. And other people have taken upon the challenge and say, "Okay, I want to see if this guy's stuff works. I want to see if it helps me. I'm going to stick to the rules that he teaches, and I'm going to invest some time." Okay? And I'm not going to demand that there's a lot of progress in the beginning cuz it's not going to be. It's normal. It's very very hard, folks. It's very complex. And when you have a measure of I I just want to see where we're at with with the dollar index. When you have a measure of uh interest in something very very complex, like the financial markets, we're real close to that that high. You know, it's it's reasonable to anticipate a a certain degree of frustration, impatience, um almost to the point where you just want to look for any small excuse just to quit. Cuz in your mind, it's easy to start subscribing to the view that anybody that says they make money must be a fraud. They must be pretending. They must be fake. When in fact, there's people all over the world, and they're not just trading with my stuff. They're trading other things. You can get lucky trading anything out there. If you're on the right side of the market and it moves in your favor, you make money. Chances are you're probably going to be offside because most people are reacting to price. They want to look for something like right now. People would look at this and say, "Well, I'm bullish on the dollar index." Well, you have to be bullish back here. Okay, and anticipate a run into this area there, which is what I talk about on the 7th of 2026 of June in that video. And then it rallies up, takes out that short-term buy side here. And then there's an event horizon which we breached, went above that. So, it's reasonable to anticipate it trading there. Does it need to if you were a trader? In the beginning, no. This is a screenshot moment where if you thought this is going to be the buy and it went to this area here and you said, "I'm learning. I don't have the conviction to hold it right now. This is the first time it starts working in my favor. I want to get out." If you have a paper trade or if you were tape reading, you you say that this is it. Hey, girls. Girls, hey. Girls, hey. Puppies. Is it delivery? Amazon. Uh it's not advertising by the way. The uh the level it's at right now because it's so close to where we think it might get to, there's nothing wrong with you if your if your progress in learning, if your experience doesn't dictate that you stay with the idea because it's uncomfortable to you right now. It's okay to say I'm going to cut bait and say I'm done here. And between this run here to here and not even getting to your target, there's nothing wrong with that. Now, why should I say something like that? How that How's that reasonable? If you're going to have a target, why not hold for it? Because you're not going to be able to hold for it. Mr. armchair quarterback mentor to be. Everybody has an opinion about trying to to correct me after I say something, but I'm the one out there making the most millionaires. I'm the one out here that's doing no paid mentorship. I'm the one out here that's doing nothing behind a paywall. And I'm the one that with this the most correct analysis. And they all want to see seem like they chimed in and corrected me. They're not correcting me. Just like no one's challenging me. No one's No one's beating this method, okay? You can't beat this method cuz this method is the market. So, when I say if you're brand new and you subscribe to the idea that I brought forth on the 7th of June this year saying that this could be a run into this and then we'll see it go higher and then ultimately reach for this. What would be What would be the difference between someone that's brand new and this is the first time you watch price action behave in a specific manner that was explained beforehand? And you're learning how to trust these concepts and these tools and these methodology. This methodology is only going to help you so much as long as your mindset is trainable and teachable. So, the way you do that it's just like when you go to karate school, okay? A lot of the martial arts when we Americanized it I I lot of the foreign instructors that came here realized that Americans are pretty much lazy, okay? And I can confirm that. I see it a lot of times in in in in most of uh my exploits as a teacher in trading, as a teacher in in martial arts, um as a teacher in things I'm not going to talk about, >> [laughter] >> but uh things that require independent thought. It takes diligence. It takes time and effort and discipline. If you If you don't have that, then, you know, it it's not going to be beneficial to you in the beginning. While you're learning, you have to have like this belt structure with martial arts, the analogy I started here, where these foreign masters, they come to our country in the US and they realize that predominantly Americans are lazy. They need to be rewarded for the smallest of little efforts. So, they instituted this belt system, you know, the white belt, the the yellow belt, the green belt, the blue belt, the red belt, the brown belt or purple belt, then brown belt, then you have a black belt. A lot of the older arts, like in Budo, um there there really isn't a belt system. There There isn't one. So, the It had to be Americanized. So, when I'm teaching, because I've had this occur as a younger man when I used to teach martial arts and when I was being trained as a martial artist, going through the belt system, um all that felt great. It was a reward. Okay? It's kind of like participation awards when you're a child, you go to school. When you're in grade school, before you get to middle school, like first to fifth grade, there was always this uh push to get students to get some kind of a participation award. Your Your teacher used to give like a perfect attendance award for the month, okay? And you'd get a little sticker, maybe you could scratch the sticker and it would smell something like a fruit or a candy or whatever. And it felt like you were a big shot. Well, the way I teach, I want you as a new trader or a new student, when I'm talking about the market being down here, going up to that high, if it goes to this level here, this is a wonderful feeling. That's like getting, you know, a yellow belt. You've been a white belt here. And now you're here. It didn't get to the target, but if you say I'm okay and I get out here, if you assumed a position long here and you're getting out there, is that something wrong? No, absolutely not. Now, let's flip the script. Let's say I'm wrong. Because it could happen. It could say I'm not going to go above that level. I'm going to make that three-letter guy ICT look like a fool and not go there. And then you as a diligent student would have said, "Okay, I'm going to trail this up right below this low." And that would be a hypothetical stop loss. Tape reading it. Okay? Or if you have a paper trade, not that we trade the dollar index by the way, but I'm just I'm giving you kind of like a a mindset discussion today. This is like the equivalent to a X space. The uh the market stopping you out down here, what is the first thing you're supposed to do? Accept it, number one. Don't get mad about it. It's just one transaction. So, how's that any different than you as a new trader, new student, if you assumed a long position here hypothetically, and you watched it go up here like this, and you said, "Okay, I don't have the conviction because my experience has not given me that yet." I'm not going to hold to this. I'm going to be content and say, "This is enough for me because if I can be long dollar here and get out here, and it was drawing towards this direction." See, that's what my drawing liquidity is. It's not a it has to go there. It's the it's the premise that builds the idea beforehand. You have to know where it's likely to go. If you don't have that, then you're trading blind. If you're trading blind, it means you're gambling. If you're gambling, you're going to lose money, and there's no mystery as to why your money is being taken from you. But so many people in the internet, they hem and haw, they talk about how it's this, it's that. It's not them. It's everything but them. But the the them issue, it's central to knowing what you're doing. And if you're going to be long, you have to know where it's going to reach to. That's the draw on liquidity. You do not need to see price go to your draw. It just needs to be a a reasonable expectation. And then if you were going long here on dollar, and you got out above there, and then took a partial there or or just waited for the short-term high to be pierced there, on that candlestick, and you got out that way. There's nothing wrong with that. But there's so many people that's going to hear me teach this way, and because they want to look smart, because they want to garner a a crowd, they want to seem like they're more intelligent. They're not doing what you're seeing me do. They're not doing that. They're always coming behind the fact, afterwards, saying, "Well, what about this and what about that? Why don't you just hold the trade from so-and-so?" They ain't doing it. They're always chiming in late. They're not ever telling you what's going to happen beforehand, how to manage it, how to trade, how to how to teach you how to improve upon stuff. There's always this criticism placed on other people, and it's tiresome. It's tiresome. Nobody's outperforming me. Nobody's outperforming me in terms of a teaching uh medium. No one's outperforming me in content. No one's outperforming me in millionaire creation. Nobody's Nobody's doing that. So when you hear these people come up here like little foxes trying to spoil the vine, it it isn't working. It never has worked. It has never worked. It's just put a spotlight them spotlight on them on them as a clout chasing near-do-well. They don't have enough to get attention placed on them because of their good works, because they're doing something that's meaningful. You don't go up to the guy that's making millionaires with no charge, no obligation. I don't even want you to thank me anymore. Like there's nothing. There's no obligation here. And I'm doing all this stuff because I enjoy doing it. I love doing it. And when you see these things and I'm not crying about this, so please don't leave comments don't worry about this ICT or don't worry about that, Michael. I don't need encouragement. I'm here to encourage you. I'm giving you a pep rally. I don't need a pep rally. I'm walking on sunshine every day. So, whether you get stopped out and it pulls back without the target being met or if it gets real close to it like this and you say, "Okay, I'm done." Cuz you're new, that's the proper way of doing it. Because you're controlling the positive mentality that's required for you to stay in this game because it's so easily brought on through defeat. Victimhood. Oh, it's never going to work for me. This is this is fake because I can't make it work. I've been watching this stuff for a week and 2 days on the weekend and it hasn't hasn't worked in my favor yet. You're unteachable. If that's how you think, you're unteachable. Because you're impatient and you're allowing your impatience to stand in the way of your progress. Everyone out there that would ever try to teach you spent enough time with their content, they would tell you the same thing if they had the balls to do it. Because they need your money, they would never say that. They're going to coddle you. They're going to hold you close, nurture you. Maybe even offer to suckle you like a good mother. I'm not your mother. I'm not going to coddle you. If you if you Son, >> Yes, sir. >> have I ever been the father that coddles? >> No. You're the complete opposite. >> Yes. So, I I've never been that type of person. I've been this is the way it's going to be. This is what I expect of you and if you fall short of that, it's human, but you're going to hear about it. So, don't do that again. Strive to do better. Avoid certain things that's going to be erroneous approaches to doing things and if you try and and FAFO, you're going to you're going to FO. So, it's important for you to realize there's a there's a progress that you have to go through. And when we're looking at price, we're looking at probabilities, not absolute. There's no There's no panacea, okay? I have very strong analytical concepts. I have a lot of experience. But even with that, I can fall short. You're going to fall short. If you have a long illustrious career as a trader, there's going to be amazing failures that you're going to look back and say, "Yeah, remember this Let me One One time, let me tell you about this one. I was in this market and I thought it was going to do this and bada bing, you're done. You got stopped out. You lost a lot of money. Or you added to a position and you thought it was going to do so much better and it roasted you. All of us have those stories. If you stay in the game long enough, you have those stories, the highlight reel. And not all of them are good things. Sometimes, they're the most painful things. But if you're a trader, the first thing you do is go back to the basics. If you're struggling right now, go back to the basics. What's the basics? Where's the Where's the market likely to draw to next? Focus on that. And go down to a lower time frame. Use that as a means to teach yourself that the only thing you're doing is trying to rush to the next win instead of saying, "I have to recalibrate my mindset because it's toxic at the moment. The markets have caused me or my trading has caused me or the social media has caused me to second doubt, second guess, to create clouds of concern that are fogging my perception about what my goal should be. What did you originally start out to be as a trader? You know, what was the reason for it? You want to make money, right? But it's an oxymoron. It's a paradigm shift that's required. You got to stop worrying about making the money and worried about doing the process. The process is find where the drawing liquidity is. And if you know that, like we see here on the euro dollar, the opposite if the dollar's going to go up to that level, euro dollar's going to drop down. There's that drop, okay? So, every single day we can look at these types of things. You can look at previous days lows, previous days lows, previous day's range. You can grade that and look at the sensitivity around that. How much of the previous day's range is it retracing? I taught that predominantly when the market is indeed bearish, the market's going to be only retracing in the lower half of the previous day's range. If it does retrace up to half of the previous day's range, most likely it's going to be an afternoon or late session continuation or the next day. So, you may have to just cut your losses on that day trading and then look for it to resume going lower if it's in this case like we're bearish. Here, you have this range there. Half of that. It didn't get to half. See that? But it was in the lower half. It retraced up into it and sold off. Same thing here. We're going to apply it to this range of this day. We'll drag it down there. It retraces inside this day. Here's the halfway point. Doesn't even go to halfway point. What is that telling you? Logically, it's telling you algorithmically the market's bearish. It can't even retrace to half of the previous day's range. That's really bearish. And the market sells off. Here, we open where we basically closed. So, there there's no necessity there. But we could still use the same concept here where we have this wick. You see that wick right there? Half of that. Let me zoom in. This is the stuff no one teaches, folks. I'm telling you, there ain't nothing like this. This entire range. That's not what we're looking at. When there is a wick like this, our eye jumps right to that. Look what it does here. It goes up to consequent corrosion of the wick and then drops off. Let's look at it through the lens of 15-minute time frame and we'll look at Tuesday's trading, which is what that range is. There it is. Look at that. At 3:00 in the morning, look at the bodies. See that? That's London open kill zone. It trades up into that taking out minor buy side, trades there and sells off. Now, this is what I taught in a paywall 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021. All of my charter memberships students know that this is how I taught daily range conceptual ideas about how much in the previous day's range should it retrace. You don't see these types of things talked about, discussed, implemented. It doesn't happen. But, many times when you see me executing in trades, it's based on the same logic that I already taught. This stuff is so good, I don't want to regurgitate it. Cuz everything I say, everybody's writing books on it. And they're they're not doing it accurately. Or they put a little spin on it cuz they make it want to sound like they created it. Uh I discovered this on my own. No, you didn't. No, you did not. And it's so old and tiresome to hear all you guys that are pretending that you did cuz you didn't. You didn't learn it from somebody else that's dead. You didn't learn it from somebody else that has another name for something else. It You didn't do it that way. And the telltale sign is they're using my vocabulary. You're speaking with my vernacular. When I created I had to sit down and take time to come up with these ideas and terms. I had to do that. I didn't borrow the logic and terms from somebody else. And that's the problem in the state of affairs right now in in in everything, not just in trading. Everybody wants to steal somebody else's content. And because the markets and making money is such a sex and making money are the two largest money-making endeavors in the world. If you sell something that has access to either one of those things, it's the easiest way to make lots of money real fast. It's kind of like when the gold rush happened. It wasn't the people that were finding gold, it was the people that sold the pickaxes and the pans. They were the ones that were getting rich. So, I just want to spend a a few minutes with you today and remind you all that there's there's a progress that you're going to have to submit to. In the beginning, it's going to feel like you're never getting anywhere. It's going to feel like it's going to take forever. It's going to feel like you don't have any progress behind you. It's going to feel like because you can't day trade, because you don't have time to sit down at these lower time frames, or you feel that the market's moving too fast on a 1-minute chart. It's not moving any faster than the daily chart is. It's not moving any faster. If you put a daily chart and a 1-minute chart or a 15-second chart next to each other, it's still moving the same speed, tick for tick. It's not doing anything faster. The problem is is your perception has been increased to such a degree around expecting more candles to populate on the chart. Therefore, you equate that as speed. When one single candlestick on a daily chart is just simply doing what? Marking time and price the same way any other interval is doing. So, it's not a matter of one time frame is better than the next. It's a matter of how are you going to engage price action through whatever time frame you elect to choose. The smaller time frames afford you lots of practice. They afford you proof of concept. Because if these markets were in fact algorithmic and rigged, then you would see my ICT kill zone right there. Going right up into half of the previous day's discount wick change its characteristic to a premium wick. What does that mean? We were below it. Right here. We're below it and come right back up into it. There's 50% of the previous day's wick. Let's go back out to the daily. We're going to zoom in again. That's this right here. This wick grade that. That's what the daily high is. And it happens in my kill zone. Exactly when I taught you that it would do it. The bodies are supporting the logic. Pray tell how that's a buying selling pressure agreeing. How's that happening? How is it, Mr. the Forex market so efficient nobody makes any money? Come on now. Come on. How's that happening right there on something I taught years and years ago. How's that happening? How's the buying and selling agreeing for that to happen? Come on, folks. You're talking about a religion now. You say I'm running a cult and I'm a cult leader. Why is it that these markets one of the largest markets in the world, the foreign exchange market, the only thing that's bigger than that is the bond market. And guess what? This stuff works in the bond market, too. So, there's no there's no uh difference. But, how is it happening? How's that happening? If it's not algorithmic. To say that it isn't an algorithm, to say that it isn't using the scripted logic, in the simplest of terms, it means that I have in my finite creative being, okay? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm not infinite. I'm not omniscient. Okay? I'm I don't know everything. But, somehow, I reached out into time and space and bent it and contorted it to yield to my will. Or, I somehow, like Doctor Xavier, put on my little head device here, and I'm out there reading the minds of every buyer and seller, and I know when they're going to do what they're going to do. Now, either one of those things is nonsense. I'll give you that. But, to me, to say that the markets are not algorithmic and it's just buying and selling pressure, that's literally the same thing that I see when people talk like that. What you're telling me is is you know nothing about how these markets book. And you're just going along with the status quo because you don't want to seem unhinged to your counterparts in the industry. Or, you don't want to look silly because other people, like they try to do with me, you doesn't know how the markets book. Bro, you don't know real order flow. Bro, before your tools do anything, I already know. I already know. And I'm showing you on all time frames. I did it with a daily chart. You're all seeing it happen. June 7th, your volume profile, your footprint, none of that nonsense was even available to you on these candlesticks that we're trading now. But my logic is coming to just like this. It's It's happening at the time I told you it happened. It's happening all the time. All the time. And that should encourage you. That should get your rocks off. You should be walking around tented up and bricked up right now because this stuff works. It works. There's no reason for you to have any apprehension about studying it. You should be motivated to say, "You know what? Even in these difficult markets where even the the head Cheeto in command, he's out there telling you what the market's going to do this. This market's going to do that. Like he does anything in the marketplace. Like he's Like he's He just recently started trading. >> [laughter] >> He said years ago, "Uh you know, I've never I've never traded any trades." He's done thousands of trades since he's back in office. What changed? He's on He's on the tip now. He knows that this is how the game's played. So, why not Why not participate? How's he going to get faulted when everybody else is doing the same thing? That's his logic. I'm assuming that's what it is. I mean, it That would be anyone's argument. You all have been doing it with Now it's a problem when I'm doing it. You see? So, by having this encouragement, I'm hoping that you will embrace the difficulty, realize that It's not easy to do this. It's absolutely not easy to do it. But it is achievable. Look around. My student base is the largest growing, ongoing millionaire club. And you can't deny that. There ain't none of you influencers out there. No other influencer, even the people that hate me, okay? None of you can say anything otherwise. You can't. You can't say it. So, I am the most successful fraud, schemer, conniver, hindsighter guy, okay? Than there's ever been. And I'm doing it for free. So, what are you going to say about that? Hm? What are you going to say? You got nothing you can say to me. None of you can do anything to me. None of you can hurt my feelings. And the only thing you can do is jump into the plasma pool and be part of this community and be better for doing so. Or just move along. Keep to your religion. Keep to your tools and stuff. If it's making you money, God bless you. I hope you continue doing it. But don't claim that we don't know what's going on around here. Don't claim that these concepts are not original to me. Don't claim that they're rebranded. Don't claim that they only work in hindsight. Don't claim any of that nonsense you guys do because that's not making you look bigger. It's making you look smaller. And you're literally stunting your ability as a trader because some of the things I teach, you don't have to do everything I do. But some of the things I teach in terms of bias, determining when the market should run, when it shouldn't, if you apply those concepts to whatever you do right now, you'll increase the efficiency of whatever it is that you do. You'll reduce the leverage of the risk to reward and you'll put more in the favor of you winning and less when you're losing. You'll have much more continuity. Your draw downs will greatly reduce. And you'll have a little bit more clarity about why your trades worked in the past and therefore going in the future using the same logic I teach with order flow, real order flow. Not numbers and where orders have been bought and sold before. That's absolutely no bearing. Zero. It just looks It just looks like that. Just like you can take just Look at the statistics for rainfall. Okay? Look at this Look at that over a sample set of, you know, a year or so. And plot it. You'll find head and shoulders patterns. You'll see all kinds of, you know, wiggles and waggles in terms of what we look in terms of price action and we say, "Oh, it looks like it's a bear flag. It's going to keep going lower. Oh, it looks like it's a bull flag. It's going to go higher. It looks like it's, you know, a descending triangle." You're being fooled by randomness. But, you know what doesn't happen here? Randomness. Everything I teach you is based on when it's going to happen time-wise. That right there in and of itself cancels randomness. It's scheduled. It's scheduled delivery. Just like when you turn on the TV, you know what that sports game's going to be on in terms of channel and time. You know when to make sure you tell your wife, "Look, honey, what do you need me to do? Because I need a couple hours to myself. The boys are coming over. The game's going to come on and I don't want to be bothered and I want to just make sure that there's no interruptions." You know what time it is. Well, in trading, I went through the the the approach of making sure that I I know I know when it's going to do certain things. I don't know everything, but I know if things are left to their own scripts, I know that there's a high probability of certain things happening through characteristics that I've seen, I've studied, I've journaled, I've codified. And I've borrowed no logic from anyone else in doing so. And I'm pleased and privileged to be able to say that I have influenced a large number of you and have basically retired many of you. And that to me is awesome. That's awesome. I'm proud of all of you. I'm proud of you even if you're just starting. I'm proud to see that you're taking the initiative to do this because working the rest of your life for the most most of any culture or or country, that's usually what we're relegated to. We have to just simply do that. I was never one to subscribe to that. I was never lazy. I was never a worldly person that said, "I I just want to have a good job." I've never had that logic. Never had that perspective. And this is the last bastion in the world where someone with a little bit of money and a whole lot of heart and initiative and conviction and discipline and a model that works that they've proven in their own hands can go a long long way. And whatever you think that ceiling is, this is if I got to this level, I'm going to be successful, it's too low. That's too low. If you're going to do it the rest of your life, that target you're aiming for is too low. And you're going to find out over time it's too low. But in the beginning, you have to have something that's reasonable to strive for. And that reasonable objective may be simply getting your utility bill funds each month. And eventually maybe your rent or mortgage payment. Maybe half of it. And then half of your monthly expenses. And then working towards your entire month expenses. And then how about 3 months of expenses in advance. So that way you pad yourself out. And then when you have that you'll see that there's a different perspective while doing what you're doing. You feel like you can breathe a little bit. And then all of a sudden you get a whole year's worth of your bills. Now you have a whole year where you don't have to worry about and wrestle with the emotional struggles of going into the grocery store or supplying things for your family because you now have the funds that you usually spend over the course of 12 years calendar-wise. Now you have it. You're not You're not going to have sticker shock when you walk into a store when you need to get something for you or your family. If gas prices go up to $8 a gallon, you're not going to worry about it. You don't care. You don't care. It's not bothering you. It's not going to say, "Well, I can't trade anymore because gas is $12 a gallon." I don't think like that. Son, have you ever heard me say, "I'm getting rid of my Corvettes cuz they're eight-cylinders cuz gas is getting too high?" >> No, I've I've heard you You always say, "I don't care if they can go to $20. I don't care. I'm still getting gas." >> It's as simple as that, folks. And I'm not trying to talk down to anybody, but I really need you to understand that the the world problems that you feel right now, they're temporary. They're literally temporary. They're right now problems. They're not tomorrow's problems. They're not 10-year problems. They're not lifelong problems like a mortgage is. That's a 30-year problem. You got to You got to solve that problem or stay with monthly payments. So if you sit down and you build a a plan where you're going to learn how to trade and invest and and take your time and do this, and your goal is to cut your 30-year mortgage into 15 years or less, that's a that's an admirable goal. That's something to strive for. Nobody should be able to talk you out of that. But I think if you do well and you do the right things and you and you dial back your sense of urgency about having to do it quickly, and I'm I understand things are so expensive right now. It's uncertainty. All these things are going on, okay? And if you don't if you don't walk with Christ and you don't have a a relationship with God, it could be a little bewildering. But, that's the most important thing first. Then, once you have that sorted, you go in and you start building your your financial plan. And be comfortable with the discomfort in the beginning. And realize that that's normal. But, over time, you'll see that a little bit of progress multiplied with good money management can do all the heavy lifting. And that heavy lifting over time, not right away, not flash-in-the-pan quick riches, overnight success, compounding. 2% compounding. 4% compounding. 6% a month. And live there for a little while. Don't try to do more than that. Whatever you start with, it doubles. If you start with $1,000, 10 years from now, it's over a million bucks. Never taking anything out to spend and splurge. And majority of you don't, you know, don't realize that you can literally change your entire trajectory by having something as simple as that. But, everybody wants to double their account every week. I want to flip my account. I'm going to do 300% on my account in the next 2 months. Why? What are you in a hurry for? What What are you trying to prove? Because, honestly, even if you were to pull that off, people like me and other people that's, you know, solid, sound traders, we're going to know that you gambled. And there's been lots of people in the marketplace, just like there's been lots of people in the lottery, that have gambled and made lots of money. That's not skill. And because a profitable person that knows how to trade isn't impressed with you making money. We can congratulate you and say, "Well done." But we're not looking at that and saying, "Wow, you're superior to us." We feel our We feel in a certain way and we're caught in our feelings because of that. No. But everybody else that's broke and doesn't made it their way in terms of profitable yet, they'll look at you like a hero. And that's the only thing you want. You want to be able to take that to social media. And I'm telling you that's the worst thing to do. Because your motivation is on hype. It's not on longevity. It's not on consistently living in excellence. You have to know what it is you're looking for. You have to aim for it. You have to have rules to stay I'm in my boundaries. These are my These are my parameters. I can't go beyond them. And when you slightly go out of spec, you have to be disciplined enough and lovingly enough to yourself without being coarse or overbearing and correct yourself and bring you back in spec in terms of what you're allowed to do and what you're not allowed to do. And most of that's done by not sharing online or with anybody else. Because you're going to make a mistake. And that little bit of mistake when it's in the privacy of your own hands, it's a little mistake. It's as simple as that. But when you've made it a a joint affair where you now made your corporation which is a sole proprietorship, you're the only one that's in there. You're the You're the owner. You're the worker. You're the only employee. But now you took on a partner. You took on a partner. Soon as you tell people your business, you've taken your sole proprietorship and now you've turned it into a joint venture. Where they have no risk involved, but they have all of the benefits of being in the the the boardroom. They're a member of the board now. And they can give you opinions about how you're running their company. Because that's what you did. You made your business their business. Does that make any sense? Does that make any sense? Are you going to let your friends come in and spend your bank account because uh they're your best friend? Hey, we're friends. Let me tell you what I got in the bank account. And anytime you need money, just come in here and just write a check, you know, just cut yourself some funds and you can just take care of everything. Don't worry about it. It's silly, right? That's nonsense. But that's exactly what you're doing by inviting other people into your business as a trader. You don't You owe no one your KPIs, your key performance indicators. You owe no one that. You owe no one your broker statements. You owe no one your My FX Book. You owe no one your track record. You owe no one jack. And as soon as you get caught up into that, you're in a wrestling match that you can never win. There's always going to be people out there that's going to say, "You really didn't do that. That's photoshopped. The broker's working with you to make you look like you're profitable. You got 16 other accounts. This is the only one that you made money with and you're showing that." It doesn't matter. You're always going to find this. So, either you go into this game and say, "I don't care what anybody thinks because I'm sleeping like a baby every night. Whether you believe or whether you don't believe. Whether you subscribe or you don't subscribe. Whether you do something like me or don't do something like me. Whether you like me or you don't like me. None of that changes anything in my life. And that's how you have to be. You have to have this mindset like an island unto yourself and you're completely fortified from all of the nonsense and the BS that's literally spread across the entirety of the internet. There's so many geniuses out there that are still working 9-5 or working the drive-thru. They're all smart after it happens. They all know a better way, but they ain't doing anything but talking after the fact. They're not telling you how to do it. They're not proving they can do it. They're not showing you the market's going to do this and then it delivers that way. They're not doing that. So, why are you letting other people influence you or deter you from doing something they can't do themselves? They can't even do half. They can't even do it, let alone do better, but you're going to take the advice of people that have done nothing but stay employed. And how do you know they're really employed? They could be between jobs for the last 10 years. But, when you stop and think about these things and you think about the ability you give others, strangers, you empower strangers to talk you out of what could be your destiny. Think about that. The people that you follow, if they're toxic and they're always talking about other people, trying to tear down other people, let me tell you something. Success is so tied up with discipline and processes, they don't have time or energy to waste on BS like that. We don't We don't think that way. We do not think that way. We're too busy winning. We're too busy aiming to keep in line with our perspective, our model, our plan, and we're constantly refining our self and our mindset, staying positive, keeping the negativity out because it's wasteful. Time Time is the only currency that we spend not knowing what the supply of it is. And we don't know how much we have left. How much of that currency are you spending on dumb stuff and dumb people? So when I talk to you, I'm talking to you with three decades of experience and there's a lot of the first 10 years that I tap into that is very hurtful to me. And I use that energy to kind of inspire you because I know what it's like I've been right where some of you are right now and you want to quit. You want to stop. You want to toss in the towel and say, "It ain't for me." If you believe that, you're right. But if you feel it and say, "I ain't going to give in like that." You're right. No matter what you choose, you're right because it's your choice. Your choice is right. It's right for you. It may not be right for me. It may not be right for everybody else in the community. But if you make the decision, you have to stand behind that decision. And if you say you can't handle it, you're right. But if you say, "This is hard, but I'm not quitting." You're right. That's the right way. That's the right mentality. All of us know our own limitations. But if you have not been bitten by the bug yet. That means you've you've tasted and seen that this stuff works. It may not be consistent in your hands yet, but you have now seen enough to know that there is something going on behind the scenes that's not just simply buying and selling pressure. Other people can testify that in a court of law with verified profits using the stuff that I'm teaching. It works. Are you going to be able in all of your frustration in all of your discontentment are you of the opinion that you can convince the people that have made millions of dollars with the stuff I've taught. You're going to convince them that it doesn't work. Think about that. That's that's what some of you believe And that's a twisted demented perspective. That's the extreme Karen. Think about that. You literally are subscribing to a viewpoint that's so far out of norm because you you now have been bent. The market has warped you. You hold on to a perspective that anyone with common sense would not agree with. But it feels comfortable to do that. It feels comfortable to say everybody's a scammer because you can't do it. It feels comfortable. It It desensitizes you. It discharges you from the pain and you feel like, "Well, I'm going to channel that." And you use alchemy. >> [laughter] >> You take your pain and struggle and you turn it into feel-good fuzzy moments by talking down to somebody else that's doing better than you. And they're looking at you laughing as they mute you or block you. Or toy with you and talk down to you. And that's just going to add to what you feel. So, what are you doing? You're staying in this endless loop of never improving, never coming to the knowledge of the truth, you're never learning how to deal with yourself, and you're never conquering and mastering you. Because that's the first hurdle in trading. You have to be in control of you. If you have no control over you, you are the problem. You're always the problem. When you make lots of money, you're to blame. When you lose a lot of money, you're to blame. If you blew your account, you're to blame. If you go outside your model, you're to blame. You You bought too many contracts? You're to blame. You didn't put the stop loss in the right spot, you got stopped out? Whose fault's that? Yours. It's all your responsibility. And think about young men, most of you don't want to have the responsibility of being a father should you end up in that situation. So, what do they mostly do? They run away. Now, are you surprised when you get into a trade or you start trading with your real money and you think, "Well, I don't want to use a stop loss because that's like wearing a condom and it's not that fun. I might be wrong." I might be wrong. And I don't want to get stopped out prematurely cuz I haven't had my climax yet. I haven't got to that payout. I want that big five-figure payout. But then what happens? You lay down with sister rotten crotch and you catch STD just like that. You blow your account. Your whole life is now been changed. You have to walk a different way. Now, anybody you lay down with is going to have the problems that you you brought on to yourself. It's your fault. You did it. This mentality recklessness just doing whatever you want to do. When you apply it to trading, you shouldn't be surprised when it blows up in your face. If you don't have rules, if you don't have a strategy, if you don't have precautions you don't know how to protect yourself your equity See, you and your equity are a relationship. Not only do you have to protect yourself and your and your sanity with the psychology that's it's beneficial to you but you now have to protect the equity because you're engaging not only yourself, but you're engaging with your hard-earned money. That's your spouse in trading. And the only way you protect that equity is by means of preservation. You have to enjoy what you're doing, yes, but you have to protect yourself still. And if you don't do those things you bring in destruction. You bring in loss heartache and then eventually, if you keep doing those sorts of things, you divorce yourself from equity. And either you get more equity and you rekindle that relationship, or you go do something else and you remarry. Go bet on horses. Go play the lottery. Play Keno. Whatever. Shoot dice. Ultimately, you're you're in the driver's seat. And you have to remind yourself constantly that the things that you're worrying about right now, they're right now concerns because your ability to see past them is limited. And listening to other people, when you list when you see these people and their screen name and whatever they type out, remind yourself that that's probably someone working at a 7-Eleven. That's somebody probably working a part-time job. Still with acne. Didn't complete school. Probably has four friends. And none of them really like the the the guy anyway. No have a long-term relationship or probably never had a long-term relationship with a girl. And they want to pretend to be something on the internet. They want to pretend. There's a lot of pretending. And in this industry, if you ask someone to show themselves through experience, show us what you know. Call something in detail. Teach something in detail. Largely, it's market replay. Why? Because it's already given them what's happened, so they feel smart. They feel They feel encouraged. They feel courageous. They can come out and make videos. They can talk about this stuff. They can do mentorships and teach through the guys and medium of a market replay. Market replay is the same thing as you. You you can do the same thing. And people pay people doing that. And that makes no sense to me. You have to stop paying for advice and instruction that's freely available. You need to roll your sleeves up and say, "I don't know how long it's going to take. It may take a little bit longer than I thought. It may take a whole lot longer than I thought. The the the deciding factor is my willingness to dial my myself in. I want to stay focused. I want to be controlled. I want to be measured about what I do and how I consume it. I don't want to do 10 videos a day. Two videos a day max. I'm going to log what it is I learned. I'm going to log the questions that were brought up and raised up in me by watching the video. And I'm going to subscribe to at least 60 minutes a day in tape reading. And if that means you can't be there live because of whatever circumstances, that means you're going to record your screen. There's free applications that you can do and record the screen while you're at work, while you're asleep, while you're at university, whatever. And then when you have the ability to sit in front of the chart, you watch it. You don't look at the chart and see what it did before you get to the chart and say, "Okay, I'm going to have this added benefit cuz I know it was an up close day. It went up 600 handles. So I know I'm just only going to focus on going long. It's going to look for you know, discounted rates to go higher." That's not how you do it. There's no difference between you watching a recorded session of you recording your own chart on one minute basis, not looking at the outcome beforehand, just simply going into your recording and sitting down as the first time you saw it. You don't know what the daily chart did. You don't know what the other markets did. Treat it just like that. You're doing the same thing that anybody else is doing while it's happening live. And if you don't have that measure of conviction, you're going to reach for market replay all the time. And market replay is great in the beginning to show something conceptually as a first introduction to it. Other than that, it's useless and it shouldn't need be touched. Cuz the only thing it's doing is giving you a a false sense of security. And false sense of security in trading always equates to blown account. I promise you, and that's the truth. So, hopefully this a little bit of a rant today was uh maybe a wood shed moment for some of you. Others it may be an inspiration and a a pep rally or a reminder just to recalibrate yourself. But, it was heartfelt. I felt like I was, you know, inspired to say it. And if I hurt your feelings, it wasn't intentional, but learn from it. Pick yourself up, dust yourself off, and say, "You know what? This is worth doing. Other people can do it, and you're you're no less better than they are." So, if other people can do it, and they can benefit and and better their lives and their families' lives, who's to say that you're not going to be the next one? All you have to do is subscribe to the ideas and say, "I'm not going to listen to anybody tell me I can't do it. I'm not going to listen to myself right now where my inside person, my inner person, is doubting this. I'm not going to let that person tell me because they're inexperienced. I'm not going to take the advice from someone that's inexperienced. Your inner self has never succeeded in this, so why would you listen to your inner self's opinion about you whether you're going to be successful about it or not? But, so many times we listen to our inner period of frustration, and we manifest that outwardly and say, "Well, you know, I don't deserve it." That's the only thing our mind can equate to when we think to that degree, and we subscribe to it. We come to the conclusion that therefore we must not deserve it. And all of you deserve it. But none of you deserve it without work. So hopefully this has been inspiring. Hopefully it's helped you. And until I talk to you next time. I don't know when that's going to be.
