================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: Futures Market Commentary \ June 18, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUN_f8U_1Eg
================================================================================

How do folks? How are you? Welcome back. Welcome back. Well, I guess you actually should be telling me that, right? Welcome back, Michael. How you doing? How are you doing? I'm doing wonderful. Thank you, Father. Well, we're going to do a little brief review here. Uh I don't have much time this afternoon, so uh we'll get through this as succinctly as possible, okay? So, if you recall back in I believe it was the weekend of June 7th, I did a review on a Sunday evening or afternoon or something to that effect. Uh I went through a couple markets and gave an opinion about what I'd like to see, what I think I might expect or anticipate, that type of thing. And uh we had this volume imbalance here. Uh before I zoom in this little area, when I do this portion over here will go away. Uh it was this candlestick's high, okay? That one right there. That candlestick. And then this body here. Okay, so the open on that candlestick, the high of that candlestick, in that vicinity, okay? Basically. Um what if you would have used just this high here as a single high? That's not a problem, okay? But just keeping in sync with what I said on the commentary back in the first week of June, um we were looking for buy side up here, okay? So, let's zoom in over here. All right? And then what I was anticipating, I told you to watch, we had this sell side imbalance, buy side inefficiency with the volume imbalance. We talked about how it used all this, then sent this up into here, then we had a volume imbalance, okay? So, since there's no body there, we have to look at it through the lens of undelivered price action. So, that creates the volume imbalance. So, that's the same thing. Okay, it's it opened down here from that close. So, basically it would act in the same manner or characteristic as a CB, sell-side imbalance buy-side inefficiency. And then the market rallied up from the consequent closure of this inefficiency. Kind of inversion fair value gap, rallied up. Uh we had a little bit of a a disturbance in here, but that was partly due to this volume imbalance which it used and then traded higher with through the consequent encroachment, which is permissible. And then when we were up here actually it was this day here. I said, "We'll see if it wants to come back into this." Uh it can come back in and touch this inversion fair value gap. Um it actually would have been better, in my opinion, if it would have never came back to that and left the small portion open, but everything being equal, this is permissible and we were anticipating it. Showing a willingness to go higher, getting into that buy side. Okay. Uh In concert with this bullish idea on dollar, I was pointing out a few things with euro dollar and pound dollar and the crude oil market. Let's just go over that real quick. Uh let's go euro dollar real quick. Okay. And euro I'll scrub over here and show you the level I had. Uh this is kind of like my best case scenario short term. Uh this one here is a near term draw, but look at these little lows here. You see that? That's means kind of cute. Right there. So, and then just be mindful of that cuz we could probably get to that before we settle on this week. So, we had a little bit of a retracement while dollar headed retracement to its daily bullish inversion fair value gap. And that was seen here, all of this business. So, that Monday, we rallied all the way up and many of you probably were like, >> [laughter] >> "That guy doesn't know what he's talking about." And then all of a sudden, we get this big run down here. Okay, so there's a minor sell side liquidity pool here. That would be enough for me if I was, you know, if I was a a bearish forex trader in euro shorts, I'd be inclined to take a considerable profit there. And then I would look for that as the next partial and then best case scenario in the short term, not long term, short term, just you know, trading volatility, trading you know, inefficiencies and liquidity on the higher time frame and that's all we're going to stick to today. Okay, so um I don't have a whole lot of time, so hopefully you guys can appreciate I've been beat on for for years, can you just talk about the higher time frames? I'm so tired of the intraday stuff. I can't do it. Can you do this? Can you do that? Well, here you go. But when I do that, just be mindful that it takes a lot of time for these things to pan out. So, I left you to yourselves to watch it. I'm sure it was very demanding in terms of finding or picking your interest and keeping up with the markets from this particular time frame. But this is the basis of how you find short-term trading or intraday trading with high degree of probability. Okay, so finalizing your analysis on a higher time frame, monthly, weekly and daily specific specifically really the daily. Uh if you can anticipate or determine, if you will, where the market is likely to go, you can kind of more or less ferret out the highest probability in terms of uh daily bias, session bias, all those types of things. But that's where I'm looking for uh next. And uh this this retracement here was this part of this here. Pressure inversion for a fair value gap. Why am I picking that one? Because the market rallied outside of this consolidation. So, we rallied up, came back down. We used it here. You see how the bodies are using it there? And then we trade outside of it. Candlesticks bodies never came back to consequent encroachment. Never did it here also. So, is that bullish or bearish based on the way Michael teaches order flow? That's bearish. It's algorithmic. And then the market has a strong displacement below these relative equal lows, and I would again this this is a little too clean, okay? Whether it takes out that low before the close of this week or not is irrelevant. I'd like to see it try to get down here, okay? Just it's an idea to share with you, okay? Don't Don't be hard and fast about whether or not it does it. Pound dollar. All righty. All right, so here is the pound dollar. And I got to scroll over here and show you what I was looking for. Uh this was like my best-case scenario in case we saw some extrapolated move up the upside on the dollar index. Uh this is my short-term target. So, we'll look for that here. Uh this little short-term low, that would be a a a wonderful little area for if you're short. I know some of you like to use my analysis for piggybacking your own executions whatnot. Since we're going into Friday tomorrow, uh if it gets below here, don't be greedy and demand that it only gives you a partial below here. So, we have a SIBI here, sell-side imbalance sell-side inefficiency. We traded outside of this inversion fair value gap there. Broke down out of it. Created a SIBI. Retrace back up into the low of this buy-side imbalance sell-side inefficiency, which is now left it. So, it's bearish. So, order flow is bearish. That means a bullish buy-side imbalance sell-side inefficiency should act as an inversion. Fair value gap, it does so here, and then we work lower. And then right here on that Friday, that's the last candlestick we saw here. Okay, and the market went right back up while I was gone. And went right into this area here, but notice the bodies are not touching the consequent encroachment. What does Michael's order flow rules tell you? Algorithmically, this is weak. And then we have a strong displacement yesterday. It went all the way through this buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency. And today we opened, tried to clear up the consequent encroachment, failed, and we had a heavy sell-off there with the bullishness on the dollar index. See how there's a teeter-totter effect? One goes up, the other one goes down. And we're drawing for this sell side liquidity pool, okay? Whether it gets here again, you know, by the close of the week, it's irrelevant. We just want to see it get down here. Now, I'll just toss this out there cuz I may not be able to talk to you tomorrow. We'll see. Um if it can get below here, but doesn't take out that low, I would very much like to see a gap below that low on Sunday. That would be wonderful, okay? All right, let's roll over into crude oil. This was the other market I was telling you about. And crude oil, it was basically the opposite of the dollar index. That was the kind of like the framework. And this is what your chart looked like when I was talking to you. Like, now why did I just toggle that? You're like, why did you just do that? Because this low and where we are in terms of proximity here, this low and then looking at it with it toggled, it's much easier to anticipate that if we're going to be bullish on dollar, it's likely to get down to this one. Versus this one having already done so on this day here. So, previous day it's already done it. So, whenever we're looking at higher time frame daily charts, let's say this way. You want to know which one is the easiest one to get to. In other words, what's the closest one? If you're bearish, what's easier, getting to this low while here, or is it easier to get to that same low while up here? If there's more range in this one and you're bearish, then you obviously give room for the opportunity for it to trade to the the longer-term draw down here. Okay? So, if you're a short-term trader and if you don't have a lot of conviction on your trades, just look for the one that doesn't have so much of a a likelihood to get to it. Which one's easiest to get to? Let's put it that way. And whatever one has the least amount of range to get to in terms of how much it needs to travel to get to it, you like to use that one. And that will be like a a low-hanging fruit objective utilizing the same concepts I teach, okay? So, kind of like gives you a way of framing when to put this on and when to put it off, okay? All right, so then that's for targeting and draws on liquidity, but specifically, I like using the um toggle on and off to see where the volume imbalances are, okay? And it's already been taught before, but I just tossed something extra in there just for extra credit. No extra charge. So, let's take a look at uh here's the last candle we saw here. Okay, and I said that we would look for it to trade lower outside of this sell-side imbalance buy-side inefficiency, quote-unquote pseudo volume imbalance. So, it gap down. So, trading back up into it should be seen as bearish and we were looking at that here. And that was the last candlestick right here. And then on Monday, it opened, traded up, failed to get the consequent encroachment with a body. Is that bullish or bearish based on Michael's order flow rules? Algorithmically, it is bearish. And it broke lower, tried to get up to touch the low, but it couldn't touch it there. Nope. Is that bullish or bearish based on Michael's rule for institutional order flow and algorithmic price delivery. It is bearish. So, the market has an extreme drop lower. Drop lower. I will counsel you to look at also this day here on Monday. It led into eventually here on the 10th, right here, this this day. That's when Trump came out and was saying, "Hey, you know, uh we're going to hit Iran harder than we ever have. We're going to hit them really hard." So, you know what that is. That's the priming the markets. So, what is that going to do? They get They're going to see a gap opening higher and they're going to chase it. But, using the rules I talk about, and I tweeted this also, um fade the Cheeto. >> [laughter] >> And you'll you'll get what that means if you've been following the United States and their their memes about the the guy that's in the seat. So, they were trying to get everybody in the public to look for it to go higher when I was telling you the dollar index was likely to go higher. So, that's going to put pressure on what? Crude oil going lower, okay? Not selling pressure, but algorithmic price delivery. And then we see that element coming in here and we break lower. We take out that low. It need not be on a closing basis. And then we open trade lower again. And then we get this big gap down. And then we had nice big sell-off day yesterday. And then this was funny yesterday. I was looking at this. I was talking to myself, you know, amongst throughout the day saying, "Hey, look, you know, I bet they're looking at this rally here on crude oil when it rallied up here, it's going to keep that low." This was a last-ditch attempt to get people thinking it's going to go up. Because again, he's saying, you know, "Well, I guess we're going to start dropping bombs on their heads and stuff, okay?" Whenever he does that, it just interpret that as they're they're trying to get traders that are less informed. But, but most of you aren't cuz you're Now you've been spending time with me. The old man's got uh his hooks into you. So, you can read price action a little bit better than the average bear. It completely gave up the entire open and rally up and then close low on the day and took out the previous day's low. And then today we opened after trading overnight lower. And I tweeted and I told you to take a look at that. And we cleared out that low. So, for me, I'm content with crude oil, okay? So, if you look at what we discussed here, um the range from let's call it 90 Let's be fair, 9250, okay? 9250 to Well, what what was the lows that we're looking for? 74, we'll call it 74. Okay? Almost $20,000, folks. Per contract, okay? So, that's a significant price run if you're crude oil trader, okay? So, I'm not just a one-trick pony, a Forex guy, I'm not a one-trick pony index futures guy. This stuff works in the markets where I'll point to, I'll say, "Hey, look look look at this." It's your job to to pay attention and utilize that information. Now, you can break all this stuff down on intraday basis and see how it used pools of liquidity, inefficiencies, sucker runs, you know, little Judas swings to get everybody thinking it's going to go higher and then ultimately draw where I was pointing to on the 7th, I believe it was. So, whatever, I think Monday was the the 8th, right? Of that week, yeah. So, it was Sunday, June 7th. So, you can you can go watch that recording also and you'll see it. Um Let's go over to ES real quick, take a peek at that. All right, so ES, it got down to an inefficiency. I told you, um where are we at here? There's the inefficiency that I was looking at, that gap. Um we we traded down through that and we got down into this one. And I said if we were bearish it would go down through that and then use that as inversion for everybody got. Um while I was away, obviously you know, all the the chit-chat from our administration gets people all pumped up. They released the IPO for SpaceX. So, they're going to try to create that uh marketing environment that would be conducive for bullishness for that as well. I don't have an opinion on it. You know, who who knows. Um I I don't have any objective to this. I could care less what it's doing. And then we had this inefficiency here, which is a volume imbalance. We traded down into that yesterday and today we used pretty much the upper quadrant and we're trading higher. So, this index has made a higher high. Okay? If we go into NQ and we're using the continuous contract, it made a higher high as well. But same thing here. We wanted to see it trade down to that. If it was going to be bearish, it would treat that as inversion for everybody got. So, the the lower objective drawn down to it, that was correct. Uh while I was gone, I was able to keep up with the commentary on on what we were seeing come out of our administration, but nonetheless, you know, it went higher. Took out the old high here and now we're we're flirting with what looks like it might want to go higher. Um I'm not comfortable saying that it will before the close of this week. Uh but let's take a look at NQ through the present front month contract. So, that's month symbol U for September. There's four contract months that are used for index futures. >> [snorts] >> It's March, symbol H. June, symbol M as in Michael. September, U. And then December, Z as in zipper. So, uh listen folks, man, this this year's flying by. Flying by. And the year's 2026. >> [sighs] >> At least that's where you're at, right? All right, so here is what we see. Now, notice that the futures contract for June I'm sorry, yeah, June and since September. Will it let me? It should be able to. Let me see Let me see June. June contract not higher high and then it's back to the September contract not higher high, okay? So, the continuous contract bodes well for a rally to to to take out a old high here. So, we'll go with that. Whether it does it by the close of tomorrow's trading or it needs to do so over the weekend, they might even gap it higher and you may not even be able to participate unless you are holding over the weekend, which is a little little unnerving. I'd I'd would readily admit that. But, we have a volume balance that's used at here and we'll see if it wants to uh populate a higher all-time high on the September contract. Uh that being 31,100. So, you kind of my head, obviously that's what I would reasonably expect it to do. But, if by chance we fail to do so and we we trade lower here, uh I wouldn't be inclined to say that's the high. It might be just a a shakeout and then they send it up later in the week uh you know, next week. But, either way we're looking for a new all-time high here on NQUES and uh I guess that's I guess it's going to be it. Um Bitcoin, let me toss that in real quick. Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin. All righty. So, that was the last thing here. We were meandering here. I I facetiously posted abandon all hope. Um it's traded it could have went up into this city here, but notice it didn't do that. And it just failed to get up into that. So, here's the high of that candlestick right there. 67,418 and the high on this one here is 67253. So, it's not even it's not there. So, if it were to have gone above that and then start to sell off, you know, that that's cool. But, it's better that it didn't even get up into the sibi and it's selling off. So, we have relatively equal lows here. Uh the new sell side is there. And again, I target down here. Uh since we have this old low, this is where you would use my event horizon concept, which is an old low down to a next target or pool of liquidity and we'll just uh you know, ballpark it. So, we're looking at the 54330 Is that 333? These old eyes, man. We're just going to go with that cuz my my prescription is not helping me here, okay? Old man eyes. So, we're looking for a sweep below here. Not sweep, but we're move below that and then the 533 50 What was it? 54333. Or thereabouts. And then drilling down into this old low here. That's a target, too. Okay? And then the if you like a target three, uh that's it right there, which is right there. And I think that's enough. I don't want to give you guys a, you know, coronary. I know you guys are really fanatical about this this thing, but uh that's going to be it. I hope you've been well. I hope you're doing well. I hope you're healthy and uh in good spirits. And this weekend I'm going to try to get some rest and and recuperate from having all the fun and frolicking I've been with my family of over the last couple weeks and try to get back into sync of giving some lecture lectures and and lessons and teaching. So, until then, Lord willing, I wish you a very pleasant weekend, very pleasant day, and if you're trading, good luck in your trading.
