================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: NQ Futures Review & Commentary \ May 27, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qf5qokimwO4
================================================================================

Good afternoon, folks. Hope you're doing well. It's your friendly neighborhood guru. All right, give me a second here. Okay, I hear the old man talking. So, we're going to do a quick little review here cuz I don't have the time to spend later on this afternoon. So, I'm going to try to do it before the close of the day. So, hope you're doing well. I'm doing well. Thank you for asking. If you're not asking, now you know. So, let's take a quick little move on over here to my chart and get out of that studio view I was looking at. So, here's the daily chart of the Nasdaq. Now, I've come off of the micro. And I showed enough this year how someone that doesn't have a large account or if you're inexperienced or if you're fearful of the volatility, if you're fearful of the the amount of magnitude these price runs have it it's wise to use the micro. If you're in prop firms, I think you should be using micros if you're going to be doing that at all. I don't tell you to trade with prop firms, but you know, if you're going to go that route I think you have a advantage in doing so because it's really slanted against you. The the whole business model is for you to lose and that's how they generate their income. So, the least amount of risk and size you can put on, the better it is for you. And you have to you have to beat them by a thousand paper cuts. That's that's the model on how to beat them, okay? And if it wasn't true, there wouldn't be such a large degree of losing that takes place in in that portion of our industry. So, the daily chart one that stack and I I breezed through gold and silver earlier this morning with a little bit of a a review. Um I'll take a quick look at ES with you cuz I know there's a lot of folks that uh trade ES and not NQ. Uh but the principles I'm teaching and showcasing and and whatnot, uh it's universal. It applies to everything unless I say otherwise, you can use it in everything. You kind of like a universal approach. Um so, if you take a look at what we have here on the daily chart, if you recall back in during February and March, I said that we would trade lower. We wanted to take these relatively equal lows out and we're at smooth here. And I said since you got it into like May um we're going to have a new Fed chairman. Uh he's one of the good old boys. And you can read between the lines about that. Then I said it would run up aggressively. Now, I said this in spaces on X, okay? So, you you'll have to find that comment there, but I assure you it's been said and said actually said it two times. And I don't recall exactly which one it is, but I know some of you fanatics out there that know everything I say at what minute marker, uh you'll be able to find it. But, the relative equal highs I said they would aggressively run up there. And we're going to see, you know, a lot more size. Once it left this range, I said we would see lots of momentum, a lot of in like velocity. And it's been pretty stellar so far. So, if you look at what we've had, we had about 7 weeks of up close. And I'm showing a daily chart, but if you looked at it through the lens of a weekly chart, it's it's it's really incredible actually. But, look at this little area right in here. See that? This to me is the reason why I tweeted this morning where my interest my interest was, okay? If you look at the entirety of the chart, don't just look at the line I put there. That that line, how we traded to that target I gave as a red line, and I'll show you what that is in a moment. What's going to be indicative of how we trade the rest of the session. Now, I don't care about the daily range. Like I don't care where it closes, okay? But, for the sake of staying away from the markets for a week or so and then coming back, um I wanted to see price make an attempt to trade back towards this little volume imbalance. And what's so important about this volume imbalance? Because you you can see other ones like over here, and like in here, okay? So, so what's inherently so special about this one? Well, if you look at how it formed, we closed on this day, and then we opened here. So, that volume imbalance shows a willingness to jump higher. It didn't come back down inside of it at all. It's basically where we open is the low as well. So, the low of that candlestick and the open is the exact same price. Was there any willingness to want to go lower? Zero. So, what was it indicating? It's in a hurry to get somewhere. Where might that be? Well, that's pretty easy. This all-time high here. So, I told you when we were coming up into here, this very day I told you, this day right there. Look at the live stream, look at the recordings, look at the comments. I stated that we're near a short-term to intermediate-term high. It's It's got It's got to happen. Mathematically, I showed you where it should reach to uh using the standard deviations, it pinpointed the the high of the day. And some of you didn't study the uh standard deviations portion of my paid mentorship. But, it's on the YouTube, you can see that stuff there. Um when we're when we're doing projections and standard deviations, when things like the Asian range for Forex, uh flout, uh Central Bank Dealers Range, those types of things. Whenever you're doing standard deviations, you want to get a reading and measurements on not only the wicks, but the bodies, too. But, also you can blend the two. Let me ask you a question real quick. If we got down lower, okay? Now, now, let me let me paint a picture for you. If we open at 100 even, it doesn't matter what market it is, but if we open at 100 even, and the previous day we closed at 125, but the low of the previous day was 120. What's the first price it's going to go back to before it completely closes that gap if it's going to go to to the close. The close is just the best case fill of said gap. What do you think the lowest threshold of a gap closure would be? Previous session's low. See that? Okay, so we're not locked into it has to be a return back to the previous day's close. Everybody understands that. Everybody understands that. But there's many times where the market will just simply go back to the previous day's low, not get to the close, and then trade softer or go lower. But if we're running standard deviations, we have to think the same way. So when you watch me do the live stream and I was measuring those types of things, remember we we open on I'm sorry, we focus on the open, high, low, and close. There's four prices there. And how you use those prices and what approach and what concept is important. But in the beginning what you want to be doing is you want to look at all of the variables that you can measure. Now clearly if you're looking at a a gap opening lower, you're not going to concern yourself with the previous day's high. You're not going to do that. You're not going to look at that opening price of the previous day if the opening price is higher than the close and the low. So what am I doing here? I'm giving you an if then structure. Building narrative, helping you discern what price level do you key off of. And the same thing happens when you're using my order block theory. Okay? So it's not just simply, well, you know, we look at a down close candle, so therefore it must be a bullish order block. No, there's things that you have to incorporate. But that told you the very high of the day on on day right there. And then it's in in recording. It's It's literally there. It's It was live streamed. So, we saw that short-term intermediate term if you're looking at intraday draw back down and take out that short-term low, and then they ramped it up taking out this high. Now, I liked the idea of it when it opened here and ran above that high. It was beautiful. Because what that set up was the the stage for drawing back down into this volume about. And it need not even get there. It just gives me a high probability condition to be shorting in a primary bull market. Okay? So, I'm teaching climax reversal patterns this year. Okay? It's kind of like the flavor of 2026. And I'm not fearful of going short in primary bull markets. And with experience, you won't be either. Because there's really nothing different about this market once you have an understanding. Once you have a little bit of experience, you know what you're looking for. If you're using a stop loss, the stop loss is going to do its job. If you don't over leverage, which is what you should be doing anyway, it's not going to hurt you if you do it wrong and you get stopped out. So, while I do promote the idea that someone brand new, someone new, someone that in my opinion has less than a year's experience, you shouldn't try to short primary bull markets like this. Focus on trying to go long when and where you can. It'll be more forgiving to you. And the chances of you having the wherewithal or the the conviction and confidence to hold onto a short in this type of market when you're brand new or less experienced than someone that's been doing it a little bit longer than a year. And I'm saying a year as this a minimum criteria. I think closer to 2 years is is more appropriate. And and and you're welcome to disagree with that. And I don't I could care less what your opinion is, but and I don't mean that to be curt. I just don't care what anybody else thinks. You If you're here, you're here to hear my opinion. I'm not asking you for yours. So, if you're asking for it by coming here, uh you're getting it without any sugarcoating. So, that's that's the sta- the stage and the tone for the market where I believe we're going to try to gravitate back into this here. So, we had a really nice strong close yesterday. And then we opened, we traded up overnight and in the London session whatnot. And then we pumped up during the pre-session hours. So, between 7:00 and 9:00 in the morning Eastern time, we had that little bit of a blow-off movement. We'll look at that now. So, um just be mindful on your chart, have this annotated. I'm not going to annotate it on mine. Okay? But just be mindful that opening price at 676.25. That's the initial draw that I had in mind today. It need not get there today. I'm not saying that it has to get there today. It's just for me to see that as like a magnet on price because it's the high of this volume about after taking out the high. They were very, very quick about getting in there and taking anyone that's already tried to sell short. They removed them and they did it in a in a manner where it scares them to not want to go short. Well, that's the best kind of scenario in my opinion to short on because when there's maximum fear, when everything everything seems like it's got to be going up and it can only go up, if we start seeing price action show the opposite of that, then it's real easy to look for short-term lows, relative equal lows, and watch them get smoked. Okay? So, I'm going to put the uh scribbles back on my chart here. And I'll make this short and as succinct as possible. Okay? Turned over a new leaf. Okay? I ain't got time to be messing around on all these people in here. Either you believe or you don't want to believe. You don't want to believe, that's fine. Go somewhere else. All right, so here is the low I was showing in my chart that I tweeted. And this was the low I had and this was my interest. I wanted to see how we left here. It didn't have these two boxes. The only thing I had was this red line here. I wanted to see how we traded to this sell side. How we traded to that sell side meaning was it one directional you know, straight drop down which is what it was. That means it's more likely to continue going lower. Why? Because they kept they took these relatively equal highs out. They pumped it higher. Higher. Now think every time it creates a short-term high it sells off. There are people out there that just try to get a hero or they want to be you that guy or that gal on the internet that called the top in the Nasdaq and they shorted it. They want to be top tick teener top tick Tommy and they're going to try to build shorts on that. There's always trying There's always someone trying to short. Doesn't matter how bullish the market is. Someone's always going in there trying to short. And I've been kind of like that antagonistic individual in the last couple months doing that very thing. Predominantly most of my examples are me fading this bull market and showing you there are still opportunities on the on the short side. But you have to be nimble, okay? So and I'm really kind of like teaching that and showcasing that to the people that have been with me for a little bit longer than someone that's just brand new. So everything that that happens with these little short-term retracements stop losses are are placed there. And they keep getting run out every time it runs. But then we had this morning during the pre-market session time this very, very parabolic little run off here. I love seeing something like that. I absolutely love seeing that. Because if we can get those types of moves after we see a daily chart have potentially an exhausting gap. Now, before you take your little sound clip and you push your little videos out and say this is where ICT said or I mean you're going to call me ICT, but this is where Michael said this is the top of the market. That's not what I'm saying. I'm just saying it gives me a very strong conviction to trust being short. And look at this today. I mean it fell out of bed, didn't it? Now, admittedly, I was hoping I was going to get these afternoon. I was going to hopefully get the run down into this low here. So, in the last 2 days, I missed I tried to get the crude oil set up yesterday. It just didn't do anything. It was it was nasty. It wasn't providing me anything to work off of, so I just traded ES. I figured I'd toss you guys a bone and trade that that market cuz I'm probably beating you up to death because you don't like NQ. You like ES. But, it's the same market, really. But, with crude oil, I had to wait a little while. Indonesia, I saw what I needed to see. I covered that this morning. And but then it dropped precipitously where I thought I was going to get an opportunity to do that later on and it did this completely fell out of bed. So, I missed there. Same thing here. Um I got the little short here. We'll look at the executions in a minute. Um it it sold off and I'll go over the details as to what led to it. But, how it traded here, it was a straight shot. And I was aiming for this, these, and then ultimately, if I can get a real extrapolated move to the downside here. And these relatively equal lows right there. Okay? So, that's that was kind of like what I was anticipating if we got a straight shot from where I posted on X where I said this is my interest. That's not my target. That's my interest. I want to see it first trade there and how it trades there gives me the clues as to whether or not I want to be a participant looking for lower prices. Okay? So, now because I said those things, now I can give you a little bit of a a detailed perspective of what I mean with that information. What do I do with it? So, let's zoom in here a little bit. And I promise it won't take you much longer. >> No, no, no. Keep talking longer. >> No, no, no. I got things to do, man. All right. So, if you look at what we have during this price run up. Okay? If we see this big blow-off run, we want to look at the inefficiency down in here cuz it's part of what? A breaker. We've already moved away from utilizing this as an inversion fair value gap. I can't do anything with that. I'm not in front of the charts. Otherwise, that would be a I would have went short there. Cuz there's two things there. Two things. We have inversion fair value gap and a bearish fair value gap. The market's trading up into it. Look at the body staying in there, respecting both. Let me zoom in a little bit. I'm afraid I'm going to mess this up. I did uh I think it was this morning or whatever whatever video I just did last. Every time I do a a zoom with my fingers and spreading open on my touch pad thing that's built into this laptop, sometimes it does a whole screen zoom. And once it does that, for whatever reason, this thing, I think it's old, it won't let go of it. It won't let me bring it back. So, I end up having to refresh the page. Now, here's that buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency. Okay? So, that would look like this. If you were in front of the price action, which I was not, you see how it's stay the body staying in there. And the same thing in respect to this fair value gap there. See how handsome that is? That is as perfect. That's precision. Okay? You don't need to look inside candles. You don't need to look at any kind of volume profile, no footprint, no level two data. You don't need to see any of that stuff. You can't get any more simpler than just simply looking at where are these little inefficiencies at after a blow-off run. Okay? And we've just taken all-time highs, but there's a big volume imbalance down there. It's the same thing as if there was no price traded at all. Whereas we see some wicks inside that volume balance on a daily chart. The same thing we would expect, just like an opening range gap. It wants to draw back into that gap. It needs to feel, if you want to personify it like I'm trying to do here, it needs to feel balanced. It needs to feel like it's offering a fair price to the marketplace. If that's a If that's a a globally accepted way of expressing it in our community. It's not the best way, but it's the best I got right now cuz we're live streaming. Okay? So, the inefficiencies in here perfectly delivered with the bodies. They have a little bit of a mohawk in here, but the second one's lower than that one. I love to see that. So, if we get a mohawk here and comes back in and we start to see another one in here, I demand that that second one be lower than the previous one. And we get that there. Isn't that nice? Steve Nison never talked about that. Isn't that interesting? And then the market drops off precipitously and then we're in here. So, I'm like, "Okay, well, I'm going to I'm going to tweet to them what I'm interested in." And I give you a chart with this line and some more data to the left of it. Usually, I only show you the chart where it just has the level I want if it's just a target. And I didn't call it a target, did I? I said, "This is my interest." Okay? I have learned and and the the trolls will have fun with this one and I don't care, you can have fun with it. I've learned in the live streaming that when I'm hard lined interest in one specific level there's a little bit more manipulation and I'll have to walk away from you all and then I'll have to engage it at a later time. And some of my older students have picked up on that. And some of them have been begging me in email, "Please stop live streaming." Cuz they're looking for setups that I'm talking about in the live stream, mean types of things. And they're in them. They're you know, they're taking the trades with their real money, whereas I'm showing you either tape reading or I'll do an execution with a a paper trading account just because of compliance reasons. All those things, you know, they feel like they're being ganged up on because I'm drawing a lot of attention to it. And you can say whether or not, you know, "Oh, you they don't care about your demo account. They don't care about your paper trading stop loss." It's not that. It's the influence I have behind my words. All of you collectively are actually doing those trades and you're creating real liquidity where I'm saying, "This is where the market shouldn't go. This is where the market should go." And it's very easy for them just to wash the entire board and then there it is. So, I'm returning back to the original style of teaching where I can still do things and teach things, but you don't have to be over my shoulder. Okay? Cuz, you know, in a couple more days, probably next week, I'm going to return back to my own live trading with my own money and I don't want the the burden of having them caring too much about what I'm doing because I'm not going to share where my stop loss is. I'm not going to share where I'm going to be entering. So, I can have that privilege I've had for decades where they're not messing with me. So, when we have these types of things where it's real clean and pristine like that, it sells off, I I'm thinking, "Okay, we're going to go towards that 675.25 level on that daily chart that I gave you, which was the volume imbalance high. So, if that's the case, then it needs to leave this buy side imbalance sell side efficiency cuz this is the next one below this one. I would have used this one if I was there. I think I've earned that right to be able to say that. Here, look what we've done. This candlestick or any candle after that one right here, it should have been able to if it was going to do it at all, it should have touched the high of this right here. And I don't even have it on the the full thing though. I have it short of that volume imbalance right there. That's the more appropriate way of doing it. Old eyes folks, okay? Old eyes. So, it should have touched the high. It didn't even do it. Is that weak or is that strong? That's weak. And then once we got below consequent encroachment, look at the bodies. We left it here. We couldn't ever go back to it again. And then we left it here. Same thing. It should have been able to come back up here if it was going to, but it was not willing to do it. That to me is indicative of a market that's weak. So, I'm going to go in there and I'm going to probe it. Look for a short. Ride it to this level here if it can get to it. And then I'm going to weigh out how much time it took to get to it. Now, time. That's the central tenant to this idea, okay? How much time does it take to get there? If it's going to be like real lethargic and just taking a whole lot of time from moving from this in inversion fair value gap down to this liquidity pool, if it's going to take its time doing it, that's not indicative of a market that's weak. Then I'm probably wrong about my opinions about what I just said when we first started this live stream about the daily chart. So, I'm going to be looking for clues, okay? That will really inspire me to trust the fact that this market is absolutely heavy and that daily chart was an exhaustion and it ran out previous highs just to knock out anyone that's short. And if we get a big washout day, which looks like we have here, then that might be helpful going forward for the next couple days. And I might be more inclined to take heavier shorts. Whereas I've been taking small short positions, I could build up larger positions and go back to what I was doing where you saw me pyramiding and building up larger and larger trade sizes. Well, here in all this price run here to here to here. All these very nice obvious pools of liquidity. But then we had these inefficiencies like this. Notice this one, it sliced right through it, but then couldn't even get back to consequent encroachment. The body couldn't even touch this and stay touched to to the low of it. There was no body at all once it went through it. When we're bearish, how much time is it spending here? One single candle. That one candle's body is the only thing that's laying inside there. Sure we got a wick that traded up to it, but it couldn't even touch the consequent encroachment. Again, I ask you based on what I teach is real order flow visually. You don't need any gimmicks. The open high, low, and close will tell you everything. But you have to know the language. You don't know the language, then there's no conversation between you and price, is it? It's going to seem like, you know, well, it's doing whatever it wants to do and I don't know what it is. So, give me something else to distract myself from from not knowing what it is it's doing. I'll look at some numbers and attribute that as the religion I'll believe in. Cuz that's what everybody else is doing. And if you're making money, God bless you, okay? But I'm I'm trying to teach some of you that feel like there's no other way but to do those type of things. I'm just saying, if that stuff interests you, don't take what I'm saying and not pursue it. Go pursue it cuz it might make you better. It might help you. But I'm just trying to teach all of you that what I'm teaching is a stand-alone. You don't need any gimmicks, you don't need anything. But if you look at something that inspires you and it helps you feel convictions around something that maybe my stuff is telling you it should do, but you lack the confidence or the experience to get in there and do something specific at a specific price level and you need some kind of a catalyst to help you get over the hump, well, all that other stuff out there might be the very thing for you. I'm not I'm not saying that you shouldn't do it. I'm just saying don't believe these people that are selling something to get you to be a paying member of their product, their service, their membership, their community. Don't let them sell you on that idea and feel like you're going to get some kind of a holy grail type thing cuz that that doesn't exist, okay? Not for paid cuz that ended in 2021 when I stopped doing paid membership. Anyway, let's go back into this. We have this big run off here, okay? Now, I'm going to teach you a little bit of a trick. Okay? Whenever we are running into a sustained price run and then we have a very nice, obvious, clear blast off type finishing of the move. This is like the grand finale, okay? Whenever you see that type of stuff, you want to look at the the price run that took place right before it. You don't want to use just that. That's not That's not enough, okay? You want to see this type of move here, from here to here. What is this line I gave you? Like what what did I say that was on X? What did I say that was? That's my interest. Okay? So, if we can break below that, this might act as a fulcrum point. Now, what's a fulcrum point? Imagine this line is the door hinge of your front door at your home, okay? And this is the door. So, if this is a swing point where the fulcrum would allow the door from here and it swings down, it would go down a certain degree, but it's only going to move as far as the width of the door, right? So, this point is like halfway. This is the highest point, halfway point, a measured move could be taken from this high projected straight down. And that gives you a ballpark figure of about this vicinity right in here, okay? And you'll do the math and and do your own projections to get that actual level. But what I like to do is apply a little bit of technical science. Okay? The same type of projection method that I teach with my standard deviations with Asian range, Central Bank Dealers range, flowed, opening range gaps. Okay? All those types of things can be applied here and you can get some really stunning precision, okay? And that what I'm going to show you, I want you to think about this and try to think where you ever saw this before cuz you didn't see it anywhere else. Okay? It's not there. But now watch. If you go to this little thing down here, it's a Fibonacci. And this is super secret now, okay? Please don't put this on your live streams. Please don't do this don't teach it in your mentorships. Don't teach it in your discords cuz if you teach it, it's probably going to stop working. It's probably going to stop working and I'm going to have to do something else, okay? I'm going to go back to delivering pizzas. So, we go to the high. Put it right there, okay? And this is complicated. You're going to drag it down to that low. Right there. Now, get yourself a drink. Calm down cuz that was a lot, okay? That that right there takes a lot out of someone. And I don't know about you, but I need a drink. All right. So, now let's assume for a moment we take a visual of this, okay? And if you duplicate that, now I'll I'll you what I mean. Let's look at it like this. Here's I got to fix that in a second. Got to go back on that show low. Am I boring any of you? Are you having fun? You missed me. I know you did. I miss actually I miss talking to all of you. I did. There we go. All right, so that's the range that we're going to be using to duplicate or run standard deviations away from this. Okay? So a perfect deviation would be here. And gives us one multiple of this range from that low up to that high projected straight down. It's about right there. So that means at this low over here is very very likely to happen. Okay? So now watch what happens when we take this idea and we put a little bit of market wizardry and add it to that. Okay, we're going to go in here and where is my standard deviations negative two. Okay? Negative two. I want you to look at the low of the chart, the bottom of the chart. You'll see a line appear and disappear. Ready? See that? See that? 29,878.75. See that right there? Isn't that cool? Now watch. Extend to the right. Huh? Oh my goodness. That looks like it's the low of the day. Retail me this. Yeah. So if we break this line, this is an interesting level to me cuz I want to see how it trades. Okay? It drops down. Wonderful. Okay? Great. I want to be part of that. So I got to wait until the opening bell. I got to get in there when it starts trading. So we see this move here. It gets down into this little gap, that little buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency. Why am I picking this one? Why do you have that one, ICT? Well, whoa. That's the man that's the name that shall not be spoken, right? Why is this one picked, Michael? What is the What's the deal with that? Why are you picking that one? You're just cherry-picking. You're just cherry-picking it now. That's all it is. You're just making it up as you go. You're resetting your account. Watch. Buy side imbalance, sell side inefficiency. Can be we Let me get a little wider you can see it. I'm going to mess around here and it's going to cause me a problem. All right, let's see. We're going to zoom in right here. I'll have you know, it's is not easy to do with a touch pad, okay? So, respect my grind. This right here, that buy side imbalance, sell side inefficiency, it gets delivered to here. So, it's rebalanced. Okay? It goes up, down, and leaves it. That means this is balanced. But, what was its first utilization? Huh? First utilization. Buy side imbalance, sell side inefficiency. So, if we're bearish, what will this become if we trade lower? It's going to be an inversion fair value gap. How do we know it's going to be an inversion fair value gap, Michael? Because it was utilized as a bullish fair value gap first. Oh my goodness. You're teaching me how to pick the real fair value gaps and when to pick the real inversion fair value Exactly. As Daddy only can. Okay? Same thing here. Buy side imbalance, sell side inefficiency. Why am I picking this one? Because it was utilized right there as a bullish PD array and stopped exactly at consequent encroachment. Two rules. If it's a buy side imbalance, sell side inefficiency, either the low or consequent encroachment must absolutely must be respected. Or you can't go over here and say, "Well, I like this one here." It might use that. I see a lot of live streamers out sitting there quietly watch them. And I I I bite my tongue because I don't want to embarrass them in front of their audience. But they're not teaching things that they They they they they Let me say it this way. They're teaching things they don't know. And they're talking nonsense, okay? And that's why I'm teaching I'm trying to be silly in a little way and and and kind of like cartoonish this this this time around cuz I'm trying to desensitize the people that I'm hurting the feelings of because you're making money off of my stuff and you don't know how to do it. And you're mis- misinforming people. And you wonder why people go around on the internet saying, "Oh, this stuff doesn't work." Yeah, cuz you learn from, you know, the guy down the street. The guy down the The guy down the street didn't invent it. So, when we have this and we're looking for lower prices, look how it sliced right through that. It couldn't even get back to consequent encroachment, which is important because it used it here to go higher. Now, stop for a second. I said a lot of things already. And for someone that's brand new, it seems like a whirlwind of word salad. But for many of you that have been around for a while and you've been trying to find the the secret to deciphering when fair value gaps should form, which ones to pick, I'm giving you the very specific criteria. You don't need to buy my books. You understand? I'm teaching it here on the channel for free. The books are just simple little rules. Here's what it is here an example here and there. That's it. It's just me getting the the credit that's deserved so that we can take it right back and channel it right to the Lord cuz that's where it comes from, okay? So, when we look at how we leave this area and we quickly drop down into this level, how we got there so quickly, that indicates to me that I do want to be short and I do want to be looking for lower targets. But here's where I did it wrong. What? May 27th, 2026 at 2:33. I like the time. And this tells an inner fish for you, kid. Um not that there's a specific time importance there. I just did that cuz, you know, I ain't talked to you in a while. So, the idea of anticipating a PM session sell-off, I was affording myself the luxury of being able to capitalize on that. Okay? And I was going to tape read that with you today. But, you know, the market being what it is, it felt inclined to just go through everything like a freight train and trade all the way down to the target that this big blow-off run here and Michael's market structure, institutional market structure, refer back to this low here. I'll give you more specific rules, okay? But I'm just teaching you conceptually where it leaves a lot of the people that are selling mentorships, they're not going to know how to do this again. They They're not going to be able to replicate it. But, you will be able to see this in a very short period of time. Let's put it that way. Okay, I can't give you a date, but it's going to be this year. So, when that fulcrum point is broken here, we know that we're looking for an eventual drawdown into this. And I admittedly wanted to see that usually occurring between 2:30 and 3:45 p.m. That's when I anticipated this being hit. But I was off because it just kept on just breaking lower. Once we got down below this fair value gap here, it started performing as you would expect. It hits the low of it, stays heavy, breaks lower, another sibi. I split that range in half, and it's the consequent encouragement. And look at the bodies respecting that. Just beautiful, isn't it? I I was looking at price action, you know, just thumbing through some of the charts while I was warming up to it, coming back this uh Monday night. And was like, man, you know, I bet you a lot of lot of you folks were struggling with all this price action that was going on with without me being here. It was a mess. It was like somebody was just like keeping everything all mixed up and jumbled up and the the price wasn't really all that clean. It was just just real fuzzy, right? Right now it's like real fickle and fuzzy. Well, it seems like it's trying to get back in into a a better grind. An- another perfect scenario where price action could be utilized in the way I teach. And I'm hoping that we get more of that going through the summer. I'm hoping that we get a very liquid uh smooth, nice delivered summer. I hope it goes against the grain of a normal. Okay? Cuz normal tendency is that the market becomes really this gnarly and just un- uncooperative and it doesn't give you that real clean price action that that gives you real clear setups. You can get in, get out, move to the sidelines and be content. Here, it feels like you're arm wrestling an you know, a bodybuilder and you haven't eaten in 4 days. You You just You feel powerless sometimes cuz the market just isn't trying to cooperate. And you have to learn to take a step back and say, you know what? I'm not going to force this issue. I'll wait for better conditions. But if you try to quit your job or try to make a living off of trading too soon, you can't do that very easily, can you? You feel like you have to do it because you've taken on the responsibility of only living off of what you earn. And that's why I teach you to have 2 years living expenses and $100,000. And if you can't do that, I don't think you're equipped. I don't think you're equipped. But yeah, that's another discussion for another day. So, the market sells off here and then grinds down right down into that little level right there. You see that? So, the low on this comes in at 877 1/2 and the projection comes in at 878.75. That's pretty good, man. No matter how you slice that, that's pretty good. Okay? That's pretty good. And we're sitting inside that range between two pools of liquidity. See that? So, all of this in here, I was hoping it was going to do something like this through the the lunch hour, but up here. Not not so deep to where I was expecting it to reach to. Now, the next pool of liquidity I'm interested in is this one right there. That's the relative equal lows. Now, here's where it could it could do something like that. It could go down here and take that low and leave that one. Why? Because we had such a precipitous drop from up here. So, this how it wrote like it it just careened lower, which was fine, but it would have been more fun if I was in the whole position, right? So, now I gave you a couple of things in this lecture today. And uh let's see. There you go. So, shorting in inside the lower half because it should not go in the upper half when we're bearish. Okay? So, I'm getting short in here. And this buy-side imbalance sell-side inefficiency should act as what? An inversion fair value gap. I want to be at the best entry as I possibly can because my convictions are high. I believe it's going to go down there. Okay? I believe it based on what I talked about in the very beginning of this video on that daily chart. Let me zoom in so you can show or I can show rather. Look Watch where the fill is. You see that? Upper quadrant of this buy-side imbalance sell-side inefficiency. I can afford to do that entry there because my convictions, my experience tells me that this is going to become an inversion for a buy guy. Well, here's the here's the rub. It trades up to here and here with the bodies and leaves it aggressively and can't even come back to it with this candlestick's high. See that? See it right here? Can't even touch the bottom of that box. So, I know I'm I'm I'm likely to have a tiger by the tail if he can slide on in here, okay? Now, I walked away from the computer and I didn't have my limit order in here. So, once it dipped its uh toe in the water again here, then I just completely closed it there. Then, I have to submit to the idea of will it still yield to me because if I expected to go lower based on what I showed on the daily chart with that volume imbalance and then price maybe drawing down to 675.7 uh 25, if that is the magnet on price that's going to draw towards that volume imbalance, then it should be no problem for me to sell short just after the opening at 9:30. Now, did I give up a good position by closing there? Yes. But, it would be counted to me as a investment made for Intel. Sometimes you're going to drop your hook in a certain part of the water out there and it's not going to give you anything. And sometimes you'll you'll you'll cast your reel when you're fishing and you'll get a bite, but you won't get it brought in. You won't be able to catch it. You won't be able to get it in your boat. But, it tells you they're biting in that area. So, give it a little bit of time, let the water settle down a little bit, and then cast again. And then you can start you know, start reeling in more of a of a catch than you would have been if you just abandoned it just because oh well, I got a bite, but it won't bite right away. You got to let it settle down. So, that was kind of like the analogy and thought process I had in here where it gave me what I was looking for. Now, I'm going to just going to wait for the opening. Why did I wait for the opening? Because I was giving it an opportunity for when the opening happens. There is opening right there. Smoked it, immediately went down in there. Now, I got to give it a chance. I got to see if it makes an attempt to get up into this other fair value gap, which is an inversion fair value gap. Here. And you can see it does on this one wick here at 9:31. At 9:31. Now, in my mind, I'm thinking I'm going to I'm going to have to take a a little bit of heat on this, but I built in a little bit of a buffer by taking this trade, which is the other facet to why I wanted to get short here and aim for that. So, now I can take a little bit of heat on an entry at the open. Why? Because there's volatility in the first couple minutes of 9:30 to 9:40. That first 10 minutes is it can be furious. So, by having a little bit of a buffer here, I can afford a whole lot of adverse price action from my fill. My fill Let me see. Right underneath my hands. Right there. Midpoint consequent encroachment of this this gap. Now, watch what happens. That's my fill there, and then boom, all the way up in here. So, I took drawdown on the trade from that entry to this candlestick's high right here. See that? But, I had all of the buffer and cushion from this price run here. So, it meant nothing. Even if I would have got stopped out, it would have still been a net positive day if I stopped and did nothing else. Which, you know, because I'm practicing to get myself back in the swing of things, cuz I got rusty and all. You You tend to forget these types of things after you're a week or so. Getting in that consequent encroachment right here. And then reaching down below the pool of liquidity over here. And then affording myself the opportunity, I thought, "Okay, it'll it'll pull up higher." And it banged in between this fair value gap and consequent encroachment or event horizon between this low and this low. I thought that's what we were going to do through the through the lunch. That's what I was expecting. And then I was going to come back around 1:30 and look for a short to try to run into that level, which would take out the sell side respectively underneath that low. But, it just did it all in one clean shot, and there's nothing you can do when it stuff happens, folks. You just got to let it go and be content you had some part of the run. It's like, you know, anything else. You got a piece of it. You saw it coming. And it is what it is. It's not It's not the last trade you're ever going to take, right? So, I covered a lot of things. Um I'm not going to talk to you anymore about it, cuz uh now we're we're entering that region where it could potentially become uh this rambling. I said everything succinctly. I said everything with a little bit of light humor to try to keep you engaged, because it's really boring content otherwise. And I think that it will serve you well going forward if you have taken notes. If you haven't taken notes, then, you know, I just basically, you know, talked to you, and you have a a a fruitless endeavor having watched it. So, it's very important you understand what I was doing here, what I was implementing, the criteria, um these these concepts when the opportunity affords it, there's nothing better than this. There's literally nothing better. You know what you're looking for when you're bearish, you know what you're looking for when you're bullish. The the PD arrays cannot hide from you. They can't change it and say, "Well, we're never going to let fair value gaps form cuz they're going to form." And if they get utilized in one direction, and if you're looking at a trade that's going to overlap that and go the other direction, then they're going to act as a foothold or a point of resistance, actual resistance, not subjective, "Let me draw a line on the chart because this is what retail traders do." I'm going to very specific price levels with a logic behind it, not just simply because it went there and turned around the last few times. It doesn't mean anything. In fact, we as traders in this community, we target that very thing. What's the whole premise behind relative equal highs? We target that. We target relative equal lows. We we want that. We target single lows because we know there's stops below that. We know by going down there, it facilitates a real need for the market to act as the engine that it facilitates trade. And that's the lifeblood, liquidity, not volume, liquidity. Okay. So, anyway, I hope you have found it insightful. I hope you have enjoyed it. I hope you learned something. And you got to see me miss two times. Okay? And and it's it's about on par for being away from the markets over a week or so. Okay? So, I'm I'm right about where I should be. And I'm still learning, folks. I'm learning. I'll probably be better at it tomorrow. Until I talk to you next time, wish good luck and good trading.
