================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: Market Alchemy - Trading ATH \ May 14, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wprXVW1pW9Y
================================================================================

Good evening, folks. How are you? All right, I hear the old man. All right, so I'm going to get right into it cuz I don't have a whole lot of time. So, obviously, uh yeah, everyone's talking about the all-time highs and whatnot. And I've talked for a long time. And it's it's common sense. If you are not really versed in technical analysis or if you don't understand how the markets deliver, if you don't understand the aspects of time which unfortunately most of you really don't grasp that concept all that well cuz it's been held back, admittedly. But I have taught you some things. Now, I'll bring in that stuff today real quick. And you'll see that the things I've talked about still hold true even at all-time highs, okay? So, today uh I want to kind of like break down something real quick. Uh I was in the full mini not the micro today. And we're going to take a look at this little area right over here cuz that's the opening gap. So, it's a regular trading hours opening range gap. So, between that candlestick's close and that candlestick's opening price right there. That's today's opening range gap. So, what we can do is we can anticipate obviously the continuation to the upside. Okay, so the upside is likely to be uh the draw. But, as I showed earlier using the micros uh using a 30-second chart you can get yourself a little bread and butter set up because the market created that little news event at 8:30 where the micro went down precipitously. But, the mini didn't do it. So, I indicated on X this morning on my feed that whenever the market does that uh what it generally does it wants to redeliver that and it'll go back down or in this in difference if it was a market move that went higher uh it'll repeat that same price run. So, both the micro and the mini can capitalize on that delivery in price action, but it doesn't just overlap that. It goes to it through it and operates as a stop hunt. Okay, so a stop hunt is the I'm not sure if you hear my son. >> [laughter] >> Caden's upstairs. He's gaming right now online. Sounds like he's getting his rear end tore up. Somebody's whooping him. So, if you hear that, just let it go, okay? Cuz trust me, nobody's nobody's disciplining anybody here. The uh uh the delivery this morning was a rerun lower to take out the low that was created on that spike on the micro. And because it was done only in the micro, the mini was afforded the opportunity to ride down again with or not again, let the micro ride down again, take out the low at 8:30, and then the mini was allowed to the trade lower. Okay, so what it did was it traded lower and took all of the short-term little sell-side liquidity out, primed everyone to anticipate it going lower, and then obviously extrapolated to the upside. Now, I see a lot of people saying that um you know, they can't capture a a trade in this. Uh some of you are saying that you should never try to short it and no one can, and that's what I've been doing, um showing you opportunities where I can see it there, but it's not all the time. It's not always there. So, there are certain things that I'll teach you today that uh these levels are going to seem a little familiar to you, but I'm going to apply them in a way where you probably didn't really assume it as the appropriate time to use it. And that's part of learning, isn't it? So, let me quickly go over where time becomes a factor, and then we'll go into price cuz it's always time first then price. Okay? So, at 9:30, we'll use a couple vertical lines here and I'll keep it very simple, straight to the point. At 9:30, we opened here, okay? And I taught you that 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time starts without fail. It will always start at 11:30. It can start sooner. Okay, so after 1 hour trading, your first hour's dealing range. Once that's done, certain days, certain daily schematics. I don't want to say profile because you guys are going to think I'm trading market profile when I have no faith in that stuff. But I did I did include There's two chapters in my volume three that I included in that because I know some of my students have dabbled in it and they like it it's a visual aid for them. It helps them find certain things that I don't have to have and you really don't need them. But if you want to have that type of information, I've included it also. So there'll be two chapters in regards to all that extra stuff that you think that you need. Looks scientific when on your chart. Looks wonderful when it's a histogram of the volume bars >> [laughter] >> populated on the the vertical axis. But I promise you and I'm sure you don't you don't need all that stuff. But if it helps you, you know, I have lots of students that are making lots of money and they're using that stuff in in concert with what I taught. And if it helps you visualize something, then that's you know, go for it. Even if it's you finding something outside of my work and you find profitability, hey, that that's what a educator, a teacher, that's what I I want to see all of you do. And if you don't find it with my stuff, hey, you know, I hope you find it somewhere else. And don't waste a whole lot of time and and and once you find something that works, stick with it. Don't don't try to dabble and you know, tinker with it too much. So anyway, 11:30 starts the New York lunch hour technically it's a 2-hour period and then you also obviously know that it ends at 1:30. Right there. That's interesting. Right away we already we already see something. Okay, or you should see something. So let's take a look at the aspect of Now since we have time out of the way, now think about the multiplication analogy or the multiplication table. Okay, close your eyes for a second. Don't worry, I'm not going to get freaky. >> [laughter] >> Imagine the vertical axis and the horizontal axis of a multiplication table. Top of the upper left, it's one for the vertical axis and for the horizontal axis, it's one. So, you would meet going down into the right and you would see 1 * 1 is 1. And then you go down the series of multiplication numbers from one down to however large your multiplication table is. In the United States, we generally used one that went up to 12. So, it's like 1 to 12. So, envision, if you will, the canvas of price action where there's nothing on your chart except for now you just have just that opening tick right here at 9:30. Now, I'm going to remove this vertical line just to show you indifference to where we are here with these vertical lines and the New York lunch. And what I'm going to show you here is not found in anything else. And I have to say that because you're going to start seeing people try to use this stuff and they're going to come up with all these different ways of describing something. And I'm admittedly holding a few things back because it will be in written format, but then I'm going to come right back out and teach it. So, don't buy my books, okay? I'm I'm I'm reminding you you don't need to buy my books, okay? It's not for me to make money, it's for me to simply encapsulate it in written tome. That way this is my definition of my own work. This is my life's work. None of you have the right to ever pretend that you know it cuz you don't. And I'm going to teach it here on this channel. But for people that want to have it in text format and a straight by this this this this do this don't do this look for this, that's the purpose of the book. It's if you went through the entirety of the compendium on my YouTube channel. What should you do? Where do you place it? Now, that's not going to save you. It's not No, in other words, don't look at it and say, "Well, I'm just going to wait for the books. I'm not going to watch your videos." Because you're not going to be able to see a lot of the things that static charts and static examples can't really adequately describe. Okay? Now, this just happens to be one of those things that in chart form static it it it can be accomplished. So, right away we already have the day divided relative to time. We have the opening at 9:30. Then we have the New York lunch beginning at 11:30 Eastern time. If you're around the world in different locations, um always have your chart set to New York local time. If you do that, a lot of the confusion and things that you see me talk about or the moves that you don't see happening and they spring out of nowhere, it's because you are because you're not looking at it through New York local time. And and that's the truth. Okay? You you can believe whatever you want to believe by other people that teach, but unless they're anchored to New York local time, they're off time. They're late or early and they're not on time. Okay? So, let's take a look at this opening range gap. Now, think in terms of the higher time frame chart. Obviously, I don't need to go to a daily chart because you know it's been going up and it's been going up violently. Okay? So, if one were to anticipate a run higher, how might that be utilized? How could you do that? Well, obviously, if we gap lower like we did here, it's a discount opening range gap. That means we opened lower than where we settled at the previous day at quarter after 4:00 Eastern time. So, opening lower down here, this would indicate that it's being suppressed. It's being offered at a discount price and traders would usually expect it to go up, fill the gap, and then try to go lower. But, you're trading against the higher time frame, you know, freight train that's bullish. And if you're a brand new trader, hey, little girls. So, that's the perils of uh live streaming. You can't edit that stuff out. The the expectation of seeing that gap go up here, fill it, and go lower, it it that can be a trade, but not if it's against the higher time frame. So, if you're trading against the higher time frame bullish scenario, if you're a brand new trader, and you're trying to short a market like that, you have to be highly selective. You have to know exactly what you're doing, what you're not willing to do, uh you've you've seen lots of market price action, and many of you really don't have a lot of experience seeing all-time highs. See, I I've seen a lot of things over the years in the last 34 years. I've seen lots of all-time highs. I've seen lots of all-time highs, and I've learned some things by engaging with them. I've learned a lot of things by losing lots of money trading them. So, I paid a premium price to learn a lot of things that I'm going to talk about today. So, I know that many of you you're like, "Okay, get on with it. Get on with it." And if that's how you feel, go somewhere else, okay? Cuz you're not worthy to listen to me give you this information if you're impatient like that. But, this opening gap here, what happens if you're in a primary buy program and the market's likely to go higher? Well, if it can overcome that gap, in other words, let's look at it like this. No, I'm not going to show gold and crude oil and Bitcoin and silver and you know, all these other markets. We're just talking about this right now. Okay? I'm not trying to tickle everybody's fancy today. So, that's the opening range gap. So, the natural order is, okay, a premium or discount gap, it usually tries to fill the gap. Well, we do we get that. That's That goes without saying. Whether you're going to be shorting it or whether you're going to be going long, the gap closure takes place. But, how would you use this if we overcome that gap like we did on this candlestick right there? The very next candle we open, we trade back down to it there. So, now it's going to act as what? A discount array. Now, some of you may be watching this years from now and thinking, well, it's easy to talk about this in hindsight. Go look at the live streams where I'm calling every individual candlestick, and you'll see I have a I have afforded myself the luxury and latitude to be able to talk like this. The students that been here for a while, it's not a problem for them cuz they see me do this. But, the point is is if you're trying to go long in a bull market and you have a discount gap like this and it overcomes it, the first time it trades down to it, guess what that is? That's the original first run into that range. If it's a bull market, it should act as discount sensitivity there. So, it's going to use it as a means of like a trampoline. It's dropping down into it and then energetic run away from it. And we see that actually happen here, okay? So, with that, what happens if we miss that move? What happens if you don't get on board with that and you just want to know how much can this go? Well, you have to put a vertical line in the beginning cuz you're not going to be paying attention to time. You're going to be looking at every one of these little candlesticks and you'll get lost in the sauce. You'll you'll get too close to the trees or too close to the forest to see the trees, and you won't be able to see or did I say that right? Correct me on X if I said it right or wrong. Um the point is is you're looking at the things that don't matter most, and the thing that matters most is time. So, let's assume for a moment that hypothetically, we expected the market to go higher today. Now, a lot of you probably did, and that's wonderful. It's great. But, how long can it go up? Well, it starts its run here and works all the way up to the beginning of the lunch hour. Now, some of you might get frustrated with that cuz you're aware that it's 2 hours long. Don't call it a lunch hour. It's a New York lunch hour. And New Yorkers do things their own way, okay? You ever been in New York? That's how it is. If you live in New York, that's how you are, aren't you? Give me a shout-out in the comment section about how you are as a New Yorker. You're going to tell it like it is, aren't you? Well, at 11:30, that begins that 2-hour window where whatever took place in the morning session, it will roll against that. That's the lunch macro. That's them simply just going back for a low that formed after 10:00 Eastern time a.m., okay? So, now we're ringing in another time element. So far, none of this should be complicated. It should not be causing any kind of bewilderment. There's that, okay? So, now this low right there is just before 10:00. We don't want to use that. This low here is wonderful. It's a It's a proper selection where it could go there. But, if we're in a market like there this where it's like really fickle and it can tear your head off and if you're wrong, it it really shows you that you're wrong. It doesn't you know, it doesn't hold back. You're It's going to violently run through your trade if you're offside. And because of that and because uh we are seeing a lot of relative equal highs and lows left in place because there's a whole lot of casino action going on. It's a whole lot of manipulation right now that they knew that markets are feverish. Just like silver and gold were before I told you it would be uncivilized for you not to take profits. And then now look at your gold and silver. Nobody's really all that excited about it. Because you it's done a deep retracement. That's what we're entering for indices. I know you think it can't happen. But I'm telling you that's the next stage. We are we are in capitulation right now. Capitulation is where basically if you ever watch the Happy Days uh TV show, you know, the Fonz. It's an American show. It's a great show actually. Uh the show was wonderful up to an episode where the Fonz jumped over a shark on skis, water skis. Okay, now it's now we're absurd, okay? We're we're entering absurd levels in the marketplace. Without any kind of meaningful retracement. Capitulation, it's this one-sidedness, it's this going straight up and it has to sometime soon have a meaningful retracement. Whether it wants to keep going higher or if it's going to crash, either one of those scenarios a intermediate term high forming is warranted. Okay? So I say that because it's easy for people to watch price action and think the market just goes up now. And if you listen to live streamers, some of my own students are saying this, other people that live stream and they they say it facetiously, especially if they've been around for a long time. The market only goes up. The market only goes up. Everyone's being primed to think that until one day it's not going to do that and it's going to violently shift lower. That's that's where we're entering. We're entering that that part of this run. And if you're not careful you might get caught offside. And if you're trading without stop losses, you're really risking a huge amount of harm financially. And you don't want to do that, okay? So, we have 10:00 here. This is by definition, this is the best case scenario for a lunch macro. But, as I taught the lunch macro, and I did a lot of this in Trader Roundup podcast in my own uh Twitter Spaces and talked about them. You want to use the very first one that you can come to when probabilities are shifted against you in terms of deep retracements, or if the market's really strong and it's gone up from the morning, okay? Well, how would you use that? Well, if you at 11:30 go to the left from there, towards 10:00, where's the first low you come to? This one. That just happens to have what? Relatively equal lows. I liked this one here because it had a nice run up, it left this high intact, and then deep retracement, and then the biggest run started right there. So, I felt that that would be very likely to see it get traded to. And if you look at the recording of the uh video I posted, I did a condensed version. I didn't do any kind of talking or talking about it. I was distracted with things around the house while I was managing it, but the point is is the when we have um a level like this, where I think it might go to it, but I just want to be on the safe side because I am trading against the underlying higher time frame bias. If I'm wrong, it can violently shift against me to the upside. And because of that, I have to be wary about where good low-hanging fruit, easy objectives to get out at. And I'll just use the the moral victory, okay, the proverbial I was right type thing. Okay, the cookie. Um that it went to that level but as I indicated on X a little while ago uh at 29 minutes after 10:00, the low comes in at 29,595.50. That just so happens to be this candlestick at if I can get my mouse on it right at 26 minutes after 1:00 the low comes in at 29,595.25. I would have never been able to peel that off. They would have never let my order execute because I wouldn't have been just one tick below it. I would have been something like just below that that low right there simply because it's there. So experience taught me that while I think that's probable and classically and scientifically, yes, it it took out that low by one tick. It's too shallow. And it never would have afforded me the exit. Now, if I would have had my limit orders underneath that or specifically that wick because it's just to the left of it. Okay, that would be like the relative equal lows scenario. So I would have something like a tick or two below that and that would be I was I would be looking for a low escape on my short trade there. But because I'm against this higher time frame behemoth of a bull market run because I'm against that I'm not afraid to take the trade going short but you should be afraid to take the short because you don't have the experience. And please allow me to say that and it's not narcissism. It's not arrogance. It's not me being conceited. I'm not trying to talk down to any of you but a lot of you want to find out. And you know what the first part of that is? Okay, don't do that. Okay? You can study it. You can paper trade it. You can tape read it and say, "Okay, if I would have done this and done that." Okay, and you need to do what I'm teaching you here today when you're looking for any old average sell-off on a bullish day. If it were a a day where we weren't in a primary bull market, I would have looked for that low. But because it's against the grain of the higher time frame, I have to be prudent and and be responsible and say, "Okay, what's the highest probability? I know I can get these relatively lows. I know I can do that. That's That's That's by itself in and of itself it's it's screaming that it wants to clean that up. And I might get down to that level or it might like immediately when I was watching it here and it turned here, I'll smile to myself thinking, "What's this guy's name going here?" The um I mean as it retraced I said, "Yeah, that would be just like them to leave that like that." But it came back down and took out, you know, one more stab at it and went by one tick below the low. Wonderful, okay? But it would not have given me how I trade, it would not have given me the exit and then I would have had to get stopped out as a as a rerun you know, going back higher. And it's fine. It's It's all wonderful and great, but >> [sighs] >> how did I know to anticipate and target that short? If you study what I'm going to show you here today, it's the same thing I did the other day. And everybody wants to know, "Can you teach it? Can you teach it?" What I was doing the other day with Zerocon with this strategy of timing, okay? So, that's homework for you. You can delve into that and then you'll see more about the Zerocon later on in the summer. So, let's look at um So, we we like these lows here. This is a uh a best-case scenario given that we're in a bull market, but I'm not going to try for that. That's why if you look at the the the recording of the ex- execution whatnot, I have minor sell-side on that low and I have minor sell-side on that. What's a minor mean? It's not the real sell side that he's going to go for. This is the primary sell side. And it got to it. And it did it at what time? During the lunch macro. Look at that. Right before 1:30 completes it, and then the market's allowed to go higher. And it goes up to some random two orange boxes. I drew that in the in the execution and recorded all that. We'll get to that in a moment. But, I know what you want to see is how that I know about this business up here. Don't you? Don't you? Well, if you join my mentorship for $16,000 >> [laughter] >> I'm just kidding. You know You know that didn't sound right, but it was funny hearing it like 16 grand. That just came off the top of my tongue. Like, I had no idea what what that figure was all about. Maybe subconsciously I want something for $16,000. I want for nothing. You're not a good teacher, Michael. You talk about things that have nothing to do with anything. I I had to mute somebody the other day when he said that. I'm like, "Dude, I just literally gave you a whole rundown of the market run and what I'm thinking, you know, showed you getting stopped out and how to mitigate that and everything." And it's like you can't make these people happy. >> [laughter] >> You can't make them happy. But, I try. I do. You got to give it to me. I do try. So, so the price run here, that's the best case scenario. So, allow me to keep this portion on the chart, but we're just going to assume that it had I done that and you clearly see that it hit my target and then it went lower. Okay, it went lower and eventually got to it, but it was without me. Okay? Whenever I'm in trades and I'm getting out at specific levels it always has that little overrun. Most of the time it's me just taking a safe exit because of the conditions that we're in. So, it's not a matter of me not seeing this low. Okay, obviously it's there based on the things I teach you. But, is it warranted for the trade I'm in and the time? And what do I mean by that? Cuz I said that on the the Twitter or X space, or not space, but the post. The time is I got to be careful. I got to be mindful how much time I spend here. The uh the run down here as we got closer to that 1:30 that ends the lunch macro. And now you're entering the opening range 4:00 p.m. session. So, at 1:30 to 2:00 in the afternoon, 2:00 right there, that's your opening range. So, you want to look at all the details from there to there. And all those PD arrays are going to be salient for the PM session, the final hour trading, and also what we'll be utilizing when we restart at 6:00 p.m. should be be in that range. So, here's the science part of it, okay? And you all have been wanting to see it. Opening range gap, okay? I'm going to pull out this super secret indicator. It's called the Fibonacci retracement. Okay? Don't tell anybody. Don't talk about it. Don't post anything about this on X. Don't talk about it in your Discord channels, okay? Cuz if you do, what's going to happen is is everybody's going to start using it and it won't work anymore. Oh, so fun. So, if you look at the the low, okay? Which is going to be the opening price that 9:30, you missed me. Don't act like you didn't, okay? You know you did. Opening price up to the closing price, right there, okay? So, now, what we can do is we have two things here. We have time with the vertical lines, and then we have the Fibonacci that we can factor in. Now, if you have learned from me Forex trading, okay, and now it sounds weird coming out of my mouth now cuz I haven't talked about it much. Uh and it's because the dollar index is stuck, okay? When the dollar index loses its range on the daily chart, and then I'll be more inclined to talk about it. But right now, it's just too small of a move. It's not worth my time talking about it, and I don't want to entice any of you to look at doing anything with it because it's just it's uneventful right now. But if you are a Forex trader, you can trade the exotics. That means don't trade dollar-based pairs. Trade pairs that don't have the dollar in the in the name or the pair. And if you do that, you'll be fine, okay? You'll catch all the movements as you're looking for. But right now, because the dollar's doing what it's doing, it's just going to be too much babysitting and and I I don't want to have to be talking about it all the time. So, there's that. If we look at this, and you think, okay, if it's going to go higher, how many replications or standard deviations, this is the standard, and deviates higher, that would be 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 and 1/2, roughly, okay? Why am I choosing 7 and 1/2? Because while watching price when it was moving around, okay, we were entering this and measuring, okay, measuring the potential where price could reach for. When I was teaching the opening range gap, I told you that when we're in consolidations, when the market's likely just not to go anywhere in a hurry, what you can do is you can measure that opening range gap and get a measurement of 0.2, uh I'm sorry, 0.25 and 0. 50. And what that is is basically the same thing we do when we grade a PD array or a range or an inefficiency, everything's graded because the market is algorithmic. I know it's probably something you never heard before, but the market is delivered algorithmically. And if it wasn't algorithmically delivered, you wouldn't see the technicals lining up with these little gradient levels, okay? Especially in ranges where the price has not been there before. It's never been in levels I'm going to show you here, okay? But you're going to see the the effects of it behaving in a way where there's no other excuse for it. So, let's just say for the sake of this, you know, discussion, you don't believe that the market's algorithmic. You think it's buying and selling pressure. Okay, hold on to that thought. Let's Let's delve into this. Price is moving higher, okay? And now, because I've started this whole business here at 10:00, we've done utilized the usefulness of marking 10:00, so I'm going to take that vertical line off. Now, imagine teaching this in book format. Think about it. Like I got to talk about all the things I said here, and that's a lot of typing. I had to talk about my son playing video games. I mean, it's it's going to be a whole lot of writing on my part, so you got to appreciate that effort, right? Can you tell I missed you guys? Can you tell it? I think you can. So, this price run here to there, okay? You can do a Fibonacci projection on that, and it'll get you somewhere up in this vicinity. Wonderful. And of itself by itself, it's great. But as price is meandering around, we're watching when price is entering the time at 11:30. Because now it's time, as Michael Buffer would say, "It's time! Wake up, boy. Don't be falling asleep on me, okay?" I've been staying up and this guy's yawning at me. This vertical line delineates when it's time to anticipate the setup. Why? Because we're entering the time window when it will likely form. Now, because it's 2 hours, it's 11:30 to 12:30, when do you think the setup's going to form at in terms of time? It's going to be in the first hour. Especially if it's been one-sided. Like all this movement here, one-sidedness. It's just keeps getting pushed higher and higher and higher. All this buying pressure is overwhelming. So, because it's gone higher, we limit our interest in this to the first hour of the lunch macro. Okay, well, let's go down here and then add one more vertical line. Now, it's getting too complicated now, right? It's too much. Can't handle it. So, inside of the first hour of trading, between 11:30 and 12:30, they're in that first hour of the 2-hour lunch period that New York considers lunchtime. Okay? If we see price when it enters here, what we'll do is we go through and as soon as you get your opening range, you can rough eyeball it. Okay, what I do is I just take my thumb of my left hand. Okay, and then and and then I kind of try to describe this to you, but it probably won't be useful to you, but this is how I do it. Before I even pull the Fibonacci up, I hold my thumb out and I move it closer to the screen until it's just about the height of that opening range gap or in this case, that box. So, my left hand thumb, I'm pointing to the to the right. I'm holding my thumb tip out and I'm measuring that to get a rough idea how how tall that is. And then I'll just move it up above to the the the low of my thumb is resting right here. So, now I know from here to here is one standard deviation. Okay, so that's one. And I just do the same thing all the way up and then and then rough eyeball about anywhere between 6 1/2 to 7 1/2. So, what I do is then I say, "Okay, well, I know it's entering the time here." So, think like that multiplication table. What am I doing here? I'm going up I'm going up the vertical axis. And then now, once I get up to the time, then I want to start moving over horizontally. And it unlocks like the the tumblers in a lock. And watch what happens, folks. This is This is really fun. This is really fun. If I click on this, okay, and right in here, we'll just start with say say you started and you wanted to see if it measures out to to 6 and 1/2 standard deviations. Okay? Let me move this out of the way. Boom. Okay, well we went higher than that before 11:30. So, it can't be this one, okay? So, you go up to seven. I know, I can't believe I'm giving this stuff away. This is ridiculous. I should be charging an arm and a leg. Here's Here's seven standard deviations. Okay? We're We're higher than that before 11:30, though. We're higher than that, Michael. It doesn't work. This stuff doesn't work. He's making it up. Watch. 2.5 Okay. Now, in and of itself, that's wonderful because we have it right before it and we have the standard deviation of eight next. Watch what happens when we do eight. There we go. How about it, baby? How about it? Where are those bodies at? Talk to me about not picking a daily high. Talk to me. Talk to me, baby. I'm doing it on purpose. I'm just I'm just tossing it in there. The three little guys not here. I'm just having fun with you. So, here's here's that turning point that happens to be randomly in the first hour of the 2-hour lunch period, okay? Now, my focus here Do me a favor real quick. If you're paying attention, if you're awake right now, if you're following me and you're on X, take a take a second over there and on X and say something flattering to the algo. Not to me. Something flattering to the algo that you see this right here and it's just unbelievably precise. Think about that. Now, tell me, is that not beautiful? It's beautiful, isn't it? It's beautiful. Now, watch. Right there, okay? I'm going to start listening for the helicopters. He's finally releasing it. We got to get over there and stop him. This man is so fun. Right here. What I wanted to see is I wanted to see if it can pierce that. I was going to try to get that as it ran up there. And it was just staying right there with that one. So, on this candlestick Oh, let me Oops. Let me see here. There's that. Sorry. So, what I was waiting for is I wanted to see it pump up there on the on that new candle, but it opened and only had a little bit of a wick there and didn't go before go higher than the previous one. Notice it did that, and then it sank down. When it dropped down in there, I already knew we're done. Why? Because of the time I don't have much time before the close of that first hour. Because time's the most important thing. Why? Because algorithmically, the code, the sequence, the scripting of these markets, they follow a sequence. And everything's based on time. Then price. Period. They're not going for your stop loss. They're going for everyone's stop loss. Everyone's stop loss. Everybody gets a stop loss run. Everybody you get a stop loss out, you get a stop loss out, you get stopped out, you get stopped out. Everybody gets a stop out. Like Oprah Winfrey, okay? But the wins aren't free. You're losing. So, this opening price I don't know where this stuff comes from, folks. I literally have no idea where it comes from. It's just a It's an It's a gift. Or is it Is it a curse? Or is it a gift? Depends on who I'm talking to. The next candle I open up and then that we're right there. That's That's my fill. What is that? What is that, ICT? Come on now, what is that? Well, I was looking at this right here. What is that? That's a buy-side imbalance sell-side inefficiency with a volume imbalance at the top. Listen to this guy. Word salad. He's making it up, guys. This Don't believe anything I'm saying. He's making it up. This candle takes high right there up to the low of the volume imbalance right there. Now, I already know about 85% of you are like, "Man, there ain't no way I'm doing all this to put a trade on." Okay. Do whatever you got to do. But I like to know what I need to know. I want to know why something's going to do something. I need to know when it's going to do something. Okay? And when I ask the Lord to show me things well, look here. Look there. Look there. Look there. Look there. Okay? So, and if you ever study the Bible and yes, I brought that up. God is a appointment setter. He's a date setter and he's real good at keeping time. He actually is the author of it. So, if I'm seeing elements of things repeating and culminating at specific times of the day would it make sense for you to pay attention to these things on a repeated basis? I think it would be I'm I'm encouraged if you have never done it I'm I'm encouraged you to do that now. So, when the price is going up like this that's a bullish PD array if the market is bullish. But we're at the time of the day first hour that 2-hour lunch period when it's all one-sided the lunch macro is going to kick in relative equal lows I love it. I want some more of it. Right there is my fill at the upper portion of that inversion fair value gap. Well, how did you know it's going to be inversion fair value gap? Because it was immediately on the next candle unwilling to go to the previous candle's high and take that out. And you have to be real quick. You got to be Johnny-on-the-spot. Or miss it. So this candlestick as it drops down, if I wouldn't have got filled there, the next candle when it opened up and it dropped up Well, dropped up that's not something that Well, is it? Depends on where you're at in the world, right? It goes right to the consequent excursion of that level. Look at that. Look let me get out of the way. Look at that. This is what I find fascinating the most in trading. The fact that the buying gets done to such a degree of precision where they no longer are interested to buy anything higher than that level. And then obviously it's almost like an invitation goes out RSVP or RSVP. Hey, short seller sellers, come on in here at this price and just start running lower cuz nobody's interested in buying. Isn't that funny? It's funny, isn't it? It's so funny. belly girl The market rolls lower. >> [laughter] >> I'm having fun. I don't care if you ain't. I'm having fun. As the market broke lower started meandering around here then only then I kept the chart naked until we worked in this stuff here and then I drew this out which is another bullish PD array if price is bullish, but we went right on through it as we should have. Wonderful. The market goes in here. Where's it go to? Oh, it just creates a little run right up to the high of that. Where's the support resistance in that, fellas? Where's that at? Where's the reading rate and rebranded stuff that's called support and resistance right there? Where is that rebranded stuff? Find that right there in anybody else's stuff. Okay? Because I'm not bragging. I'm telling you that this came from the Lord. And I'm not letting you steal his glory cuz it's his, not mine. Period. The market then starts to fall off precipitously and attacks that low right there, which was my first target of a minor sell-side liquidity. And you can see right there as I highlight look right here, you'll see the little exit right there. You see that? Boom, look at that. That's so cool. First partial. And then because I've mapped that out and these levels here, I drew the fib between that low and that low right there and 50% is this line right there. That's event horizon. So, if you're going to look for taking profits, especially in a situation like this where I'm against the higher time frame order flow, it's a big big bullish run. Uh you know, most people would be scared. I ain't because the worst thing that happens is I'm going to get stopped out like any other trade. But you have this myth in your head that getting stopped out at all-time highs is much more painful than any other short that you would take. Think about what you're doing. That's what you're doing. And experience teaches you that that's no longer a reasonable fear. I'm not saying you should go out and do it right now, but over time you're just going to happen is is you're going to have the experience and the skill set, the prowess, the wherewithal, okay, the ability, the moxie, the intestinal fortitude. All right, get it off. You had enough. I promise you I don't drink caffeine, but I'm hopped up on goofballs cuz I have missed talking to y'all and I'm stretching this time out as far as I can till I see my wife come around the corner and then then we'll kill it. But it runs aggressively down through and then we had this little area here I talked about. Well, not I didn't talk about it, but I drew this out and I wanted to see it react off of that at a later time. But it took the profit below that. It took the profit at the event horizon. You see that right here. Let me get this guy's name out here. He's always shamelessly plugging his name. Look at that. Right there and then ultimately getting down to my target. Watch right there. See that? There it is. Right below the relative equal lows. And then it runs aggressively lower, which is fine without me. It's It's okay. I don't know if the person that was posting to me on X was being funny or if he was making a comment that um trading short all-time highs is a noob thing or I I don't I don't get it. So um I just responded with this as a as a way of responding back. I didn't want to mute him and I didn't want to say anything that have a conversation about it. I just said, "Well, I'm inspired now. Let me go out here and just short the daily high." So there it is. Um as you can see, it's scientific. It's not guesswork. All these things I've talked about in terms of time. I've talked about the the characteristic of what the market will do when it goes straight up during the lunch macro. What's it going to do? During the month's lunch macro, it's going to pull back. And you want to see all those things form in the first hour. And the delivery can afford itself in the second hour. But the setup optimally forms in the first hour, that 2-hour lunch period. I know it's good. I love it. I love it. You should have seen me the first time I saw it. I was bouncing around thinking to myself, "Man, there ain't no way this is going to work again." And it did. And then it did. And then it did. And then it it just keeps on happening. It keeps on happening. It's almost like it's running on a time-based script. And that to me is fascinating because how are the sellers and the buyers agreeing at that proper time? That to me is the mystery. How does all the buying and selling pressure that's caused by these buyers and sellers, how are they perfectly aligning themselves with the things I'm teaching you the market's going to do? See, it makes perfect sense when you address it in hindsight. It's wonderful. It's wonderful table talk time, water cooler conversation after it's already happened. But it's altogether something different being able to do it live, real time, called out there, this is what it's going to do, be specific, and use the same logic all the time. It repeats over and over and over and over and over again. It's not arrogance. It's not conceitedness. It's not narcissism. You are being trained to become more than an overcomer. And that's scripture. And it's not because of me, it's because of him. I'm just the talking point. I'm the instrument, okay? That's it. So, it's interesting how they went down there and took that low right there by one tick. And then it completed the lunch macro. And it ran all the way back up to that inversion fair value gap right there. That's incredible. And look at that sell-off right there. What makes that so good? Two things. Number one, it doesn't need to take that liquidity. It's pulling up during the the opening range for 2:00. And it's not only a premium array here, but it's also a breaker. See that? Boom, okay? And then look what it did down here. It came down and used those pools of liquidity I outlined, and they were they were targets. And then now what what have we done? It's in slop. I don't want to trade this. Would you look at this and say, "Well, I feel a little bit uh you know encouraged to go short or go long here." I wouldn't touch it right now. I wouldn't touch it. And that's just that's just my advice. I wouldn't touch it where it's at right now. Let it do something overnight and then go in tomorrow morning pre-market session. 7:00 in the morning to 9:00-ish and look for something there. Let them have the overnight. Let them have it. Let them have all that. And then tomorrow morning, everything will be fine. You'll have a You'll have a good technical day tomorrow and uh it'll be fine. You'll have a wonderful Friday session and you can sail off in the weekend happy and and sugar coated like I feel today and that's just I had fun sharing this with y'all. Uh if you learned something today, if you felt like you you got something, if not if if anything entertained, uh just let me know in the comment section, okay? But uh everything I showed you here in terms of time, I've already talked about that stuff. But how do you use the standard deviations of the opening range gap and then time? It affords you a great deal of precision that no other discipline, no other way of trading, no other form of archaic technical analysis, and I'm using the quotations with my fingers right now, technical analysis stuff that I supposedly rebranded, you'll never find this anywhere else. It's nowhere else. Nowhere else. And I'm going to encourage you to do these types of things each day. Study them. Even if you can't make it line up in the beginning cuz it's going to feel cumbersome in the beginning, keep doing it. Keep doing it. And what will happen is one day where everything is perfectly clear to you because of your experience level, not because it finally works. It's because you're looking at it with the right perspective. You've been doing it enough, you know what you're looking for. And that's all you're seeing here today. You're seeing 30 plus years experience looking at this stuff. What do you think is going to happen? All the surprise that that that terror is all gone. It's just It's either going to go up or it's going to go down. And if it's not going to do either one, it's going to go sideways. If it's going to go sideways, I'm not interested. But I love seeing people say that you shouldn't be shorting, I take that as a challenge. I take that as an invitation. Just like when Larry Williams says, "I don't know how to figure out how to be buying below the opening price on these big bullish days." Well, what did I spend my life chasing? Power of three. And when I see people on live streams, I see people tweeting, or they'll say something, you know, snarky. It may not be a personal jab against me, but I'll take it as a personal jab just as a as a means to say, "Let me go out here and just Let me just show you what you don't know. Here you go. Boom." And I'm just thankful. I'm thankful to the Lord that he's given me this ability to do this, and I'm thankful that he's given me the interest and the the passion to try to teach it to all of you. Because it does work. And it doesn't just happen one day. It works. It's It's a wonderful thing to utilize in your trading. You don't need it. You don't need this to be profitable. But if you want to be in that upper echelon, the upper one and a half 1% bracket where it's just phenomenal precision, some of that freaky stuff that you see me do, it's based on these types of things here. And you can't escape it. It's It's based on logic I've already shared, and I'm giving you details that I've kept away from you, but I'm showing you with real-world examples. And to me, there's no other better way of learning to do that. I could keep this to myself. I could never have taught you. I could have just been out here showing you me doing it, and you let you all believe that I'm doing, you know, 50 laptops, 17 different you know, screen recordings and all that stuff. What whatever you want to say about me, that's fine. It's entertaining. But I want you to appreciate the fact that if the markets were not algorithmic, why is it doing that? Why is it doing that? When it's doing it? Why is it fitting the criteria based on time? All the buying and selling pressure in retail, all the things I learned in retail trading, and I have every book out there, with the exception of things I've written in the last, I guess, maybe 8 years. None of them ever touched on these subjects here. None of them ever touched on it. That's why I put a $5 million bounty out there and said, "Find my stuff, this stuff right here. Find it anywhere else before I gave it out to the public." Do it. And you'll get $5 million wired or bank check, and I'll come to your your your crib. You can live-stream it. >> [laughter] >> Cuz you're not going to find it. It's right I know but they say, "Oh, it's rebranded." But they won't ever come forward and say, "Here's where it is. This is what he's done." No, it's not happening. And you're not going to steal the glory that the Lord has in this, because it's his. His. I don't care if that upsets you. I don't care. I don't care about that. But you're not stealing that glory. You're not. Y'all think it's about me. It has nothing to do with me. I'm just the person that was out of all the people in the world, he chose me. This goofball. But hey, you know, I'm thankful. You should be thankful because now that you have the information. You don't have to like me, okay? We're not We're not trying to be best friends here, okay? I'm just keeping my end of the bargain. And if it works in your hands, give him all the praise. Don't call me the goat. Don't call me the greatest in the world. Don't Don't say anything like that. Just say, "You know what? Thank you, Lord." And that's enough. That's how you thank me. Because you acknowledge the fact that it's come from him. I'm not getting anything out of it. I'm not getting a pay ticket out of it. I'm not getting any clout online because of it. I don't want to be called those three letters anymore. The only three letters that matters g o d and I'm not him. So, if you learned something, wonderful. If you didn't, I apologize for you dragging you through a little bit of time and maybe maybe you didn't learn anything. Maybe you weren't entertained. Okay, but I certainly tried. And until I talk to you next time, I don't know what it's going to be. Be safe.
