================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: ICT 2026 Futures Review & RTH ORG Commentary \ April 29, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbEzAhdv_Ak
================================================================================

Good morning folks. How are you? See how long this delay is. It's not too bad. It's 2 seconds. So uh We got FOMC today. So protocol is you want to be trading by 10:30 or sooner. And then let the rest of the day cook until uh they go out and they do their read announcement statement and their conference call 2:30. I think they'll probably animated after 4:00 p.m. Eastern time. And then at the open at 6:00 p.m. Eastern time. So uh let's briefly go over yesterday. Um as you probably already see um I'm showing you that I trade yesterday I showed teaching the uh the mechanics behind trading with a CFD market like US 100. And that of the futures market. Actually, you know what? I forgot to Let me share it though. It's a conspiracy, I'm telling you. Here. There you go. So I got a lot of questions as to um can I can I talk about Forex more often? Can I do uh the CFD markets like US 100, US 500. And I've said in the past before without you know regurgitating everything I said many times before, I just want to cut to the chase and show you a couple things real quick and then uh we'll we'll watch this morning's opening range. I'm going to hang out with you until about 5 minutes after 10:00. I have an appointment at 10:30 I have to make. So I won't be able to do anything else today. Um so I will bounce this as soon as we get to about 5 minutes after 10:00. I'll leave you with whatever commentary you in that time. All right. So lower left hand corner you'll notice that it shows very clearly paper trading. See that? I'm not trying to hide nothing, okay? I'm not legally allowed to trade as a United States citizen. I'm not allowed to trade CFD markets, okay? So when you see these guys out here pretending they're American traders that's highly successful and they're trading US 100. >> [laughter] >> Ask them how they're paying taxes on that. So um when we're looking at Capital One or Capital Capital One don't don't go with that bank by the way. They are terrible. They're terrible. Um capital.com is the feed I use. I don't recommend them as a broker. I don't recommend any broker, okay? So there you go. Um for the people that are constantly asking me for affiliate deals please stop asking me cuz I don't do that, okay? Um So US 100 when you pull that up on the symbol thing here. That's the one I'm using when I do the feed. Now you may use something else, okay? But when I was hanging out with Tom Hougaard and you know exchanging some ideas and talking to him when he was doing his Telegram channel, I would share observations through like the FTSE and and whatnot. Um but when it comes to US 100 I use this. Uh when I was looking at the FTSE I used Pepperstone as the feed. Not that they're good brokers, not that I would ever trade with them. I can't legally trade them. So it is what it is, okay? So now because I said all those things now we can go right into the heart of the conversation. I had several things shown in yesterday's recorded execution and lecture. And I want you to realize that all of this is the opening range gap from yesterday. So we got we gap down significantly lower at 9:30. Okay, so we opened here. And then all the up here was the regular trading hours opening range gap. When we see that that extreme gap like that chances are it's going to open trade up to about a quarter which would be the lower quadrant of the gap on regular trading hours. And then we want to see evidence that it wants to you basically gap and go. Go in the direction of the the gap. So since we gap lower with a discount gap we're likely to see a trade lower, okay? So what I did was I was using the MNQ chart and I liked all this business down here. We left relative equal lows. I did some work in here. And then I was aiming for 30% and then eventually trying to get to 20% of last week's weekly range. So I was using TGIF as a draw. Okay? But the mechanics behind the support of that idea comes by way of Friday of last week. Okay, let me scrub down again. So this is the 24th of uh April, last Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap in shaded gray, okay? So here's consequent encroachment of that gap. We traded down here to an octant. And then we started building all the bullish PD arrays working towards the uh TGIF levels I gave and you can watch that um presentation yesterday and you'll see on X. But then we went into the lower quadrant of regular trading hours opening range gap yesterday. So we did this, we sold off came back up into the lower quadrant of yesterday's regular trading hours opening range gap. And because of that because it's likely to go lower, because that it's part of a market maker sell model, because I want to show you that I can short at the low risk entry and do it also with a CFD, okay? Also not using market replay. Here's what I want you to do. Pay attention children, okay? For the people that are in my comment section. >> [laughter] >> If if you're using market replay, which I don't do, okay? Watch several things happen to my screen when I click replay, okay? I'm going to toggle this little box here. This is really important. Okay, this is the last time I'm going to do it. If I click on this these boxes that I used to execute on, they go away. This screen down here, all this stuff down here changes. You don't see this nice even border like this with the date and and time. Watch. Whoops, what happens there? See that? Now you got this stuff here. Okay? Also Here's the executions. They I promise this means something to a lot of people, okay? May not mean anything to you. But now because these executions are all here, you watch that in the recording. See all that? If I click replay boom, they go away. So that's why I don't use market replay and that's why I showed you that this little box is always highlighted up here because that can't exist when I'm using market replay, right? See that? It goes away, okay? So children, please pay attention. It's important. So now with that out of the way um you can see we were trading right up into that lower quadrant level on yesterday's regular trading hours opening range gap. We broke lower. We had some inversion fair value gap here. I had the larger one highlighted because I knew I was going to highlight this one on the US 100, okay? So I talk about those two distinctly. So that way it's not going to share too much of the same range and it'll allow me to pull out the details. As you can see me entering there and there. And then all of the details look at this inversion fair value gap the half of that, okay? Consequent encroachment. It's also the high of Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap. Convenient, isn't it? So it stays lower than that with the bodies. We break aggressively lower and attack the relative equal lows here that I liked. Okay? I could have very easily used this, but what am I teaching this year? Because of the volatility, because of the uncertainty, because of all the geopolitical upheaval you want to pick low hanging fruit objectives. Okay? So all those things are being factored over here as well. Entering there using my gray pool and then looking for the weight of the market to show itself below the consequent encroachment that wick there. We get it and then it accelerates aggressively down. Event horizon, you saw that annotated between this low here and here and then targeting the relative equal lows right there. You can see that beautifully done. And right there at event horizon. And yes, it went below that low. But what would have happened if I would have aimed for this and they took it right back up inside the range? It'd be very frustrating. So that I'm teaching you how to be content with enough. There's nothing wrong with aiming for this area here cuz it's easy. It's It's visual. They're relatively equal high. I'm I'm sorry, relatively equal lows. So by having all these things um come together, hopefully you can see that there is no disadvantage for those of you that can't trade the futures market out outside the United States or that are on a list of countries that don't have the the ability to trade our markets. And I don't I'm I'm not claiming to know what they are. I've never bothered cuz I don't care. I I'm American, so I can trade them. But as a as a teacher, as a educator, that need not be a concern. Okay? So if you can trade the CFDs where you live legally, um this is probably the the the the way you should go. And you can see that there's no discrepancy between the two. The time that the candle forms, this highest candle here, is 7 minutes after 10. 7 minutes after 10. Okay? The price is going to be slightly different. But it doesn't matter. You're going to use the the levels that's inside the CFD that match up by time and candle price on the futures market. And then transpose those very same things over here on your CFD chart. It takes a little bit of work, but it's okay. And then obviously, you know, you can go forward and and conquer. So let's go and take a look at uh where we're at this morning. All right. So right away, um that looks really smooth. So that's a minor buy side there. Uh I'm trading with no bias today. Okay? No no bias. No um expectations because it's FOMC. And you should be neutral as well. Don't come in with a hard bias because you're not smart enough to know what's going to go on today. Nobody is, okay? Especially with all the tomfoolery they're doing. You're not going to be able to pull it off. So just be content with looking for short-term little fluctuations and be and be happy if you got that right, okay? All right. So that's another bit of business up here. We just opened up. So we're dropping down into Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap again. That's what that shaded box is. You see that? So they're dropping it right off right from jump street. We'll look at uh regular trading hours and you can see Actually. Hit up. Relative equal lows here. Let me pull up on that 5-minute chart. I'll pull it up a little bit better. Sell side down here at um What is that? 27? We'll call it 27 10. So 27 10 on an extreme. But they're building a lot of buy side in here with these highs. Okay? There's sell side down here. I'm going to take this line and drop it on there for the US 100 gang. Gang gang. Look at this guy. He sounds like a boomer. I don't need that line there anymore. So we had a premium gap opening. We opened higher than we settled at 4:14 yesterday Eastern time. And that sell side written in here. So I'm going to take that on the futures market. Find your sell side there. If you're inexperienced, this is not a day you want to take any executions on. Trying to pass your funded accounts or trading in your funded accounts or trading with your live account. There's a whole lot of manipulation on days like this. Which is why I tell you to limit your focus to the first hour of trading and then move to the sidelines to be done. Doesn't mean you can't tape read. Doesn't mean you can't observe and study, which is what you should be doing. Nothing in here yet that would be of interest to me. I'm going to clean this stuff up while we're waiting for anything of usefulness. I'll keep that there. So it looks jagged up here overall. Uh it's a big block of price action in here back and forth. So this is somewhat balanced. It would need uh really show a strong sell off in here aggressively to get to that sell side. That would be interesting keeping >> [clears throat] >> um FOMC in the clean up potential for uh running later on. I I have no idea what the interest rate announcement would be. I never try to predict that stuff. And even if I were correct and say, you know, they keep rate unchanged, if they raise it, or if they lower it, it doesn't matter because they could still do whatever they want to do and either fade that with the price action in the market or do nothing when it should do something. You know, it's it's not something of of any importance to me. It's minor sell side right in striking distance here. So notice we came up into the octant. This is again the gray shaded area here. This is the upper octant for Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap. So we moved from upper octant down to the upper quadrant. They just took uh another stab at that low. Show you. So here is yesterday's regular trading hours opening range gap, which is why I don't have it shaded or anything. So you can see there's the opening yesterday and where we settled at on Friday. There's Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap. See the the contrast between the two. There's a whole lot of empty space up here all in here with that octanet uh 37 1/2. We spent some time down here below Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap consequent encroachment. I'll take that up a little bit. We still have minor buy side here at uh lower quadrant of today I'm sorry, yesterday's regular trading hours opening range gap. And then we have minor buy side there. And we're viewing it from regular trading hours. Not electronic. Okay. So, we have these relative equal highs, see that? These relative equal highs are smooth. And then going back into regular trading hours, we saw a larger degree of smooth edges. Again. With that high here, these are relative equal highs. And then when we enter to electronic trading hours, watch. Watch how these two areas agree. See that? It says it's it's a confluence of pools of liquidity that's viewed from two perspectives, the electronic trading hours and the regular trading hours. So, I I I like to look for those types of things because it's a convergence of two ideas where if they're going to run for liquidity, it just makes it a little bit more likely that it's going to go there. And if I can find some kind of a framework or structure to send me into that direction, that's always something I'd like to participate in. And if you can get to there and accelerate through, then that leaves this area right here. So, with that being said, we had 9:30 just shoot straight down. We went into the upper quadrant of last Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap. So, it could be a Judas. Being kind of like neutral on bias, just looking for it where it's clean, smooth. Uh they dropped it pretty aggressively here, made it jagged, so let's see if we can get any kind of uh key to erase the support and run up into those levels there. So far, we're challenging regular trading hours opening range gap high, which is that shaded area here from last Friday. We had a buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency here. It came down to that, and then it's also utilizing that with the octant, the upper octant from Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap. I hate having an appointment or having to do something while I'm doing live stuff. It's better if I'm doing like the recorded stuff. I'm much more relaxed and not worried about making sure I leave on time and you know, do I have everything? >> [laughter] >> That's where I'm That's where my mind is right now. Murphy's Law will happen, though. I'll get halfway there and I'll realize I didn't bring what I needed. All right, so the down close candle here, we're looking for that to continue support. If it wants to run up here, it should start to you know, climb up here and get outside of this city. Because of FOMC today, because uh it's a rate announcement day, because we have opened and went straight down from opening, because we're in last Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap, um because there's several things lending well to these areas here, retail traders would see this as a very classic depiction of resistance. And because it's so obvious like that, I would not want to be going short. Even if this thing were to just fall out of it and go straight down like an elevator to hell, it would be something I would not I wouldn't feel bad about it. I wouldn't feel like, "Oh, I missed something of importance." Cuz I don't care. And by having a model, and I was listening to one of the the students in the trader roundup yesterday, uh it it took a lot for me to decipher where they were going with their with their question. And it basically it it leans on trusting your model, looking for your model. But if you feel like you're being drawn to something that's new, and it's helping you see something that you otherwise haven't been studying, but they just keep repeating, that's usually how your model is revealed to you. Because you have to start somewhere. And it And your first model may not be the one that makes, you know, your career. But in the beginning, you have to have something that starts the whole process where you're putting yourself in front of price action, you're studying it. And then things will start showing themselves in price action that repeat over and over again because of experience, repetition, that type of stuff. And over time, you'll you'll get comfortable with what you want to see in price action. And if that means that you're going into the day and you real you really feel comfortable only looking for a long or a short, and the market does the opposite, you know, maturity shows that that that doesn't bother you. And for a person that has a model, they're never complaining that they missed a move that their model didn't show. That That's That's maturity. And in the beginning, it's real hard to have that. And it's real hard to communicate that to students as a teacher because experience teaches that. The teacher can't do that. Okay? And you have to yield yourself to that timeline for it to happen. It's going to be different for everybody. So, I'm watching how the high of the regular trading hours opening range gap from last Friday, and again, that that's this entire shaded area here. So, we're just in the upper portions of it and trying to see if it can lend well to support the idea that they can disrupt this little smooth area here. It doesn't necessarily have to come all the way back up here, but personally, I'd like to see that. Because if it could take out this area here and this area, and then reject and go lower, that may be indicative of of lower prices later in the day. Or if we trade above here and we don't take that, and we don't completely trade outside the low of the uh regular trading hours opening range gap for the rest of the day going into 2:00, 2:30, um that might create a scenario where it's bullish, you know, beyond what we're showing here in the chart. And they return back to new week opening gap. So, when I talk like this, it sounds like mumbo jumbo both sides of the uh you know, the market because I'm outlining something that nobody can predict, the FOMC rate announcement and what's going to happen. Nobody knows what that's going to do. Nobody does that. Okay? So, if you're going to participate in a day like this, you have to have flexibility. If certain things happen, it's like an algorithm, okay? Or if you have ever learned coding and programming, there's an if then else, okay? If this happens, or if this thing is true, if this statement is true, then perform this function. If it's not true, perform that function. Or do nothing at all. And that's what trading really is. It's algorithmic whether you like to admit it or not. You're either going to do something cuz your model says to do it, or it doesn't say to do something. Or you do it and you take a loss. So, you're trading algorithmic whether you like it or not. Everybody does. But our perception of price action and how it performs, whether it be delivered artificially, you know, by autonomous means, algorithmic price delivery, or if you want to subscribe to the idea it's buying and selling pressure, it's you know, it's either near it's neither here nor there. You know, both sides can make the argument in perpetuity. But how you're going to engage price action is what really what matters. Uh if it was if it were going to go higher, I would demand that it stays north of this little portion here. So, that's buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency. I'm just rough eyeballing it around that octant level. I don't want to see any bodies down here. If it does, then then it's probably going to wilt and go below here. And I would not be so inclined to anticipate going here. Nothing here would be an entry yet. So, I'm supposed to be showing you the difference and contrast between the two. I apologize. I get caught up in my commentary with no script. It's always organic. So, you never know what you're going to get here. Okay? And see how it was showing no bodies down here, and it showed a little bit of follow through. So, with this like that, the next two candles would have to overcome that high. And then you're not trying to force setup, you're not trying to impose your will, you're just observing what is it trying to do? Does it support the idea? Like looking at this whole drop from this low up to that high here. Like this is the the the top of the cliff. Okay, and you're a rock climber. And we're looking at all the sheer cliff surface. And if you're trying to from here to get up to there and get to the high of that cliff, you're going to look at all the price action that dropped down and see where your footholds would be. What you could grab onto to pull yourself up and where you can place your feet as a foothold to push yourself higher. And that's all we're doing. We're looking at how this smooth area here, it's going to take a lot to get something of traction to get out of this. And that's what we're seeing here. So this is the second candle, the next very candle. Like I said, I would have wanted to see it get above that. The more you have I guess enjoyment by doing the tape reading, the better it's going to be learning as a trader. Cuz if you turn this into an arduous task, it's real difficult to stay with it while you're learning. So you want to make it fun, you almost meditative. Like something that causes relaxation. Put some nice music on. Something that's soothing to you. Not energetic, not you know, D&B, like drum and bass, no techno, no that not that stuff, no dance music or anything like that. You know, something very soothing that allows your mind to to stay out of a state of emergency or impending doom or like you got to do battle with some kind of final boss. You want it to be real comforting. And then you observe what price is doing. And that will allow you to retain pattern recognition when it materializes and manifests itself in the price action, your subconscious will retain it. You make everything in your learning progress um traumatic, it's like watching an accident scene. And the police and investigators, they go there and they ask everybody there because everybody's going to have a a heightened state of perception. There you go. I was one candle off. So we got through that. So it would need to really start to make a run for here. And then now this portion of this sibi, this right here, we would look for it to stay 20675 in the open. Okay, so there's no volume imbalance. And the half point there. And we'll view it as inversion. Make that a little bit more bolder. Okay, so the bodies would have to stay out of the lower half now. And the same thing in here, we would like to see this perform as an inversion. When uh when an accident happens, the investigators, they they question everybody at the scene because you know, if you ask women, generally they'll be horri- horrified by what happened and they won't have all the same details. Okay, they may see see some things that are you know, similar. But then you may ask a younger person that may be desensitized to things like that. And they'll have more detail. And then you ask an an older guy or a younger guy, okay, in their 20s or 30s, and they'll have more pieces of information. But the the folks that were horrified, they're probably vomiting and and sick at the scene because of what just happened, they're not going to be able to retain a lot of details. So when you're going to a scene, like for instance, like an EMT, you know, a person that uh treats people on the scene, they have to be conditioned to be calm. Otherwise, they won't perceive the the symptoms of shock, um other things like heart attack, stroke. So they they have to be they have to be very calm. And if you treat your your development as a as a as a trader or a technician or a student of the price action, you got to do the same thing. And you have to make it boring. But not to the point where you don't want to do it at all, but it has to be boring where it's not raising your your your attention span to anticipate emergencies. Okay, you're not demanding the outcome be a specific thing for you, you're just simply observing. Just like an EMT, when they show up, they're there, they're looking for the symptoms of what they have to treat as first responders. Well, as a as a student, as a first responder to you sitting down watching price action, you have to have the same indifference. You're there to do a job, observe, and then treat Well, you're you're viewing these candlesticks as they form with the same MO, the same approach. You're not forcing an outcome. It it's not imperative that uh you get everything right, but you still have to bring in the the the information. You have to take the information in. And if you don't give yourself the freedom and the flexibility to observe what price is doing, when you don't know what you don't know yet, and that that period of not knowing what exactly you should be doing, it's an uncomfortable state of existence as a trader because you the natural tendency is I want to go and watch somebody else that knows what they're doing. Cuz I'm uncomfortable in my own hands doing this, so I have to go watch somebody else so that way I feel informed. And that's what you want to resist. You want to get away from that. And you want to allow yourself to be in the moment watching price action pull details out. Do certain things tend to repeat? Do the things I talk about in price action? Do they show up or manifest in price and yield to them yield themselves to you as a means of saying, that did that thing that usually takes place like he says. If it doesn't, you record that and don't block it out like it didn't happen. Record it and say, okay, this is this is what my observation was. I expected this to happen and it didn't pan out. So that's an opportunity for you to see what you read wrong or what you omitted in your observation cuz you missed something. It's always error on the operator. When I do it wrong, it's me that did it wrong. It's me I did it wrong. And that's personal responsibility and you have to have that and you have to develop that in the beginning and don't be afraid of it. You have to 100% own everything about what you're doing. There's no team effort here in trading. So you see how we came down. Look at the bodies here. I mentioned how we once we got out of this with this candlesticks close, this became an inversion. And the bodies, they can come back down here, but they have to stay above the midpoint. You see that? You see how it behaved? That that in and of itself from here to the low of that, that right there is a small little micro market structure trade idea that you can explore on a 15 second 30 second chart. That right there can be a model. And you don't even need it to go to where we're expecting it to go to. That's that's the part of you bringing your own personality and the the level of your understanding in play so that way you aren't forcing the best outcome just because you think it might go there and you're trying to learn how to do this and you're learning how to read the tape and be comfortable dealing it and enjoying it. Don't feel like you have to create these Olympic level feats of of outcome where it works perfectly in your favor, you don't do anything wrong, you none of that stuff. You want it to be fun, that's the most important thing. You want it to be fun, but not a sugar rush where you're constantly like hopped up on goofballs. You just want to relax, enjoy it. It was it was profitable for you to observe price action even if it doesn't do what you want it to do. And just it's fun. It's it's it's it's many times I I I attribute to like a form of meditation. If you just allow all your problems to leave you for a little while and just pour your focus into these candlesticks, you know what you can't do? You can't stress about your bills not being paid. You can't stress about all the problems in your relationship. You can't stress about the job that you hate because if all your attention's right here, you can't be permitted to focus on those other things. So you're doing two things. You're building your experience by reading price action. And that in itself is going to be a huge advantage over folks that don't want to do these types of things. They want to get in here and push buttons and make money. And the statistics prove that they lose money doing those types of things. So as an educator, as a teacher, I try to cultivate that in your mind as a developing student so that way you're not fixated on trying to chase money. You're trying to chase excellence. Excellence in execution, baby. That's what we're trying to do. And in the beginning, you won't have that. But you're going to do things and practice things to get to that degree. And it's going to come on the right time. It will not be late, but it won't come as soon as you want it to. And you have to subscribe to that's how it's going to be and you can't you can't speed it up. So that's submission to time and that's not weakness. That's maturity. That's you managing yourself in an environment that you have no control of the outcome. And that's what trading is. You don't know what the outcome of that trade's going to be, whether you're doing it with a paper trade demo account, funded account, evaluation, real account money, live button. You you can't you can't control the outcome. The only thing you can control is how you're going to engage it, how much you're going to risk, how long you're going to stay in the trade, what you're aiming for. How often are you going to take another setup after that? It's it's just the way it is. That you're the you're you are the only thing that you can control. And you learn how to operate in indifference in that environment by tape reading where you condition yourself where you're looking at certain things happen and you're not needing it to be perfect. And you're identifying it didn't do exactly like I wanted it to, but it still did it cuz I waited for it to happen. And I'm taking in new information. I'm taking in new experience. That new experience needs to be logged in your journal. And you got to be honest with yourself, but not critical where you hurt your feelings by saying I I did this wrong. This stuff's probably never going to work in my own hands. If you do those types of things, the only thing you're doing is anchoring toxicity to the progress. And you cannot enjoy that. No one can. It's impossible to enjoy that. So if you're not going to enjoy it, if you're not going to be relaxed, cuz that's what you're doing, you're teaching yourself how to be relaxed in a state of indifference, so that way the outcome it doesn't have to win for you. It doesn't have to. Because over time you'll see that the things that you're exploring in price action, they're going to yield more often than they'll fail. But you're comfortable accepting the times when you do it wrong and it fails. And it's a hard lesson to teach. It's very difficult to teach that. But it's a lesson that everybody has to learn or you will not be successful. All right, so so far we have the bodies that came down here. They didn't touch the consequent encroachment of the uh inversion fair value gap. We had a nice little push above. We took out that short-term high here and trade up into this area here. The bodies have not touched up there. So that's a that's a point of concern at the moment, but we're inside of the order block that's here. Why is it the open of that? Because this candlestick's larger and more protracted than this one, okay? Overall, this is all one portion of an order block, but that right there, that price, that's the change in the state of delivery. And we're returning back into the inversion fair value gap and this big down close candle, also. So there's several things in here. This is the type of price action you'd expect on a morning ahead of FOMC. So you want to observe all these types of things. There's a whole lot of skittishness. It's like uh a reluctance to do something. It it'll do things that are unexpected. You may think it should perform a certain way, but then it doesn't or you expect it to run and it doesn't, it stays stagnant. That's the characteristic of this morning every single time FOMC happens. So what it will communicate to you is when you don't risk real money and if you observe price action and it doesn't yield to you as you would expect, that's a reward. That's a reward for you saying I'm not going to participate in something when I know the probabilities are so against me, but for the sake of experience and experience only, I'll engage price. I'll watch and see what it does. And when it does say it say it pans out like you want it to, you don't get so sugar rushed and think that you're you're smarter than everybody else and that means next time you see FOMC, you're going to trade with real money. That's not that's not what we're trying to encourage here. So from here to there, as I was talking about, that could be your model. By itself, that little price run some of you might think that that's not enough for me. Well, if you're brand new and you can find these types of price runs like that and that's all you can do, you're outperforming everybody else. Because 90% of people that trade don't make money in retail. Now think about what I just said. 90% of retail traders lose money. But because it's a net sum zero game, for every winner there's a loser. So the retail traders that lose are doing something that the other person on the other side of the trade didn't do. And that's what I'm trying to teach. I'm trying to teach that type of that paradigm. So I think right now we have 9:30's candle pretty much just hemming and hawing back and forth in here. They have left the buy side here. They went up into this inefficiency, wonderful. The bodies couldn't even get to consequent encroachment. So it would need to really have a strong showing out of the upper half of this to make a run above here. If it can do it, if it can do it, I would be interested in seeing how much of an interest does it have to get above there. Where it is right now, it becomes less likely if we take out that low on a closing basis. So if this candlestick goes down or anyone after that without taking these highs out, that low becomes more likely to be swept. And I can see already there's people out there thinking, "Look at this guy. He's calling both sides of the marketplace." I told you I don't have a bias. The only thing I would be interested in is seeing it run where it's smooth. I would not be interested in being short. Let's put that right. And it can drop and it wouldn't be it would be nothing to me. I wouldn't I wouldn't care. But what I'm looking for is something to justify a run up into these levels as I've indicated. One of the most difficult things as an educator is encountering people that believe they know how they should be taught when they have zero understanding about the subject matter they're in delving and they're they're in engaging in or delving into. It's it's somebody that's not teachable. When I was doing paid mentorship, I had a lot of those types of people come through and it was so draining. You couldn't pay me enough. Like literally, you couldn't pay me enough money to ever do a paid mentorship again. It just would never happen, ever. All right, so we're inside that 50/50 50/50 margin where it's going to have to go right now or it's not going to go. Meaning that we're in the upper half of that sibi here. So it would need to start accelerating and take out that high and get to that buy side. And it would really need to do it quickly because anyone that has their stops up here, if say for instance like I was Phil, okay? Say I was doing Phil's job today. I would ram this son of a right on up there violently and give them no opportunity to pull their orders. I'm hoping when we get to about mid-May that price action gets a lot more looser and we start seeing things real clean. Nice price runs high you know, moving higher and lower. Man, that that's going to be a welcome change. And the reason why I say mid-May is cuz uh Powell we get to see him I think for the last time today. And then we'll uh deal with one of the good old boys. I'm I'm very interested to see how the markets are booking price after May. All right, so we have a sell side balance buy side inefficiency here. We trade up into that. And we're getting real heavy here. So watching the bodies and then that level right here. >> I'm real reluctant. When you see market environments like this and you've already counted yourself saying look I'm not going to participate. Or you give yourself the the freedom to just engage price action and whatever the outcome is you remind yourself that I would not be taking a trade in this environment. I wouldn't be taking any trades. So whatever the outcome is is you're indifferent to it. But when you see price action just look you know lethargically just meandering around doing nothing of real importance. It's very comforting knowing that you would not have been caught off by anything that the price has done so far. And that's that's also something that you're recording every time you tape read. You're you're going to gain confidence not overconfidence not arrogance not arrogance or egotism. It is a great deal of work to overcome initial fear. Of getting in cuz you're afraid that you don't know everything and everything is never known by anyone. So while this is smooth up here and an obvious level where it could be raided. This premium rate has held things at bay. And we have bodies now below the consequent encouragement of this sibi. So barring some sharp rejection of this that sell side becomes the minor sell side. And as long as we stay in the lower half here and no bodies in the upper half that becomes a point of focus. US 100 Traders looking at that that looks like strong resistance there too. I'm looking at the the wick here on US 100. So the chart the chart on the right hand side. I'm looking at that midpoint right there. And I'm watching how the bodies are forming in the current candlesticks. And they're not touching that yet. So that might be a little bit of fill fill ability uh hinting. We'll see. See? That's what I was referring to. >> [sighs] >> So they can run from there and get above that uh 85 level here. It should be quick and sudden for them to get to that buy side there. Same aspect here we can get it in the upper half of this sibi. It can bring um inversion by not letting any bodies be laid down here once we get out of it here. Like we go up in here and we book outside of it. We would want to see it stay out of the lower half. Think about speed now, okay? If you had the chance to snatch people and pull their soul out of their body by being short and having their stop loss right here. Would you give them mercy? Would you run it real aggressively up there to take it? And that's kind of like the internal dialogue. It's not always so jarring or horrific. But uh you know you might look at it from a a sporting event uh perspective. You know however whatever analogies you want to build while you're watching price action. That that's your own personality that's what you bring to it. Okay? Um some of the the ladies in the community may look at that as well if it trades up there it's like letting doves out of a you know a box doing gender reveals. Something to that effect I don't know. But whatever it is you know it's it's going to cause you to to watch it and observe the outcome. And then it and have some measure of expectation. You know should it get there. You know a small little gap here on MNQ. We have the volume bounce there. But I'd like to see that stay open right there and then accelerate to the upside and get into this area here. Real slow morning. Real real slow. Okay. And I'll see how we went back in the upper half of this one. We want to see it try to make an attempt to get out of that. By any means really. It could it could be a wick now. Uh it necessarily have to be a body. But once it does that then uh discount sensitivity in the lower half. It's not there yet. You got to give it a chance to try to make an attempt to get outside of it above it. So even creating like a mohawk is permissible. When the markets get a little bit more loose and they start being permitted to trade a whole lot larger range and and leave inefficiency behind. When we're doing live streams like this and I'm calling candlesticks and price out it'll be a whole lot more fun. In fact it's going to be something like you're going to have to try to keep yourself calmed down cuz it it will it'll feel like a sugar rush. But this is the best way of learning right now when the markets are doing these types of things because you're going to get days like this even when the markets are not dealing with all the geopolitical stuff that we have right now. It'll be a day where you expected something to be nice and easy. But it doesn't. And if you have never encountered these slower uh market conditions it can cause you to act a certain way. Maybe you know be you know vindictive. Uh take everything personal. Feel the pressure of it not doing what you wanted to do in the time frame you wanted to do it. Uh it's just a whole lot more of a a discomfort versus being here learning from it and realizing that it's not the end of the world. Like it's just one day that you're encapsulating your focus with the express purposes of of gaining greater understanding over yourself. What makes you tick? What causes you to feel anxious? What makes you feel excited about something panning out? Do you feel um like you want to abandon the ideas that you're trying to implement by reading price action or do you feel you drawn to to pursue more of it? Are you encouraged? Are you discouraged? And and you're learning a whole lot about yourself. And trading is like the it's the cruelest mirror you're ever going to encounter. It's going to tell you everything that you do wrong. And you can't hide it. You can hide it on social media and amongst your friends and family, but you can't hide it from you. And that's that's the thing that makes it tough. So, you have to warm up the idea in the beginning that this is going to be hard. It's difficult. But if you remind yourself that if you over time learn how to do this well and well is not blowing up but getting once in a while transaction, you need to leaves you net positive for a month. If that's your goal then you have the right mindset. And you can grow from that. But if you demand every outcome every day that yields, you know, profitability to you you're you're going to struggle. Because in the beginning you don't have that skill set. As much as you might want it, you you're not going to get it fast. And the the faster you want it the farther along it's going to take you to get to it. So, you see how it came down here? We left that little portion open. So, it needs to not be doing all these little wicks like this. It needs to accelerate get up into this area here and put a body up on this line or above it. Oh, crap. I just realized that I sat here and talked myself late. Hold on. Oh, Hold on one second. I got to make a phone call. I told myself I I pay attention. Pay attention. Hold on one second, okay? Got to mute you. Well, that cost me 3 weeks. I think I'm going to get in until 3 weeks from now, so this cost me a little bit. So, I hope you appreciate it. Appreciate this. >> [laughter] >> Anyway so, as I was saying um you see how we we came up here. We had a body post above the midpoint of this consequent encroachment of this sibi, which is should be formed or perform as a inversion. And then they wick down into the high of this sibi, which acted as inversion. The bodies need to stay out of the lower half here. And it needs to accelerate and put a body up on this line here or above it. So while this is still pertinent it could be used as a means of like defending uh I don't hear myself talking by the way. Hang on one second. Okay. The uh the levels of like the high of that that sibi here um that little gap right there and the rejection block there, that would be like the three PD arrays that would support this entire price run up here aiming for that level where the relative equal highs are. That would be where I would have the three PD arrays and the stop loss would be have to you be below that rejection block for that purpose. So, we're we're watching price action or mounting a run up this sheer rock surface and you you're performing as a rock climber with price action reading it. Where should it be a foothold? Where's the next hand point where you can pull yourself up? That's this one here. Okay, so it needs to get a body up there to grab that. And then it can anchor continuation higher to get to the the zenith of that rock surface. If it wasn't FOMC morning, it would have already done it. It would have It would have done it in in short order. But because it's a whole lot of uh it's a whole lot of money on the sidelines right now. So, there's no need for them to be pushing price around. Not because of buying selling pressure, but there's no real vested interest on them on their part really to to make sizable price runs here because that's all going to happen later on today. And because it's so close it's so close uh to part market price this is the easiest one to get to and they don't have they they don't disrupt anything in price action. They won't dis- they won't disrupt the overall um lay of the land for later on afternoon's FOMC. So, this is this this is trivial by comparison what they're going to do later on today. I told my I told myself this morning you're going to get on this live stream and you're going to start talking and you're going to lose your train of thought and you're going to get yourself late. And there's no way I could have made that appointment. So that's that. Okay, see how they booked the the candlestick right here? So, that's what we're looking for like when we're looking for a handhold the pull up or a foothold like down close candles, the lower half of the uh the bi- um I'm sorry, the uh sibi here treating that as a a position of how the market could use as a foothold to climb higher. This is a handhold. See how he closed above that line now? So, that's good. It bodes well for a run up into those relative equal highs. All right. I I'm >> [snorts] >> I'm not mad. But I I I'm just I'm going to I'm going to have to call them back and ask them if there's any way they can squeeze me in. I mean, 3 weeks isn't going to work for me. I have a I have something I want to do. Maybe they'll be nice and work with me. All right. So, if you were short earlier in the morning and you had your stop loss up there above those relative equal highs, would you feel safe right now? There you go. So, now you want to screenshot that, okay? Now, listen. Do you hear any kind of arrogance? Do you hear me beating my chest? That's not what we do here, okay? We look at price action and you measure. You look at price and you measure. Does it have the willingness to want to support the the price run? When we were going back down below this line here, which is what I did not want to see initially when we're booking this, I used the cleaner price action of US 100 and I said I'm watching this wick right here. And see how they're not laying the bodies down on that right there. So, because they're not doing that that's like a tip. Okay? That's it like a it's a tip off. The fills are going to start pulling this higher and make a run for that buy side. Okay? You can use the DVR function and rewind and where you see the candlesticks forming here, you'll hear me say that. It's all live, okay? Um I mentioned how I only wanted to see it go higher. And if it went lower, it would be something I wouldn't participate in. And if we lost ground in here, that would be the draw right here for minor sell side. If it would have did that and then we repelled back up into the upper half of this sibi then I would have resumed looking for that run there. Okay? It would have been just as easy to do that than simply me looking at the the wicks over here, which you can see them also here. But that longest wick is what I measured. Okay? Because all inside this price action, you have multiple wicks in here, but I want that longest one right there, the tallest one. So, that's how it's being used as a gap. Okay? So, the market treats this as a a point of accumulation in an area where it's really clean, not complex, and everything in price action should be viewed as a means of if it's going to go higher and using our little analogy like a rock climber and this is the the surface of the rock wall that we have to climb up. These little periods here, this old high here, this sibi here, when you're down here as a rock climber and you're looking up a skilled rock climber looks for a pathway before they start climbing. They map out where their foot holds may be. Where can they when it where can they anchor their rope? Where can they expect to grab a hold of something above them at a specific point of the climb. And that's all price action is for me when I'm watching it. Like I'm looking for areas where there should be a means of support for further prices going higher great at a very specific price point that is not support resistance theory by retail terms. It's looking at inefficiencies, gaps, wicks. I did not look at this high here, okay, and say, "Look at the high of that and if price comes down to that cuz you can see it's not doing that at all here." But it's using the logic of me mapping out this. See if we can get that run up in here to that other buy side. Right there. Okay. So just be mindful. This is this is the other target I said I'd like to see and if they can get real animated to take that. And it still wouldn't displace or disrupt anything that they have planned for the afternoon. If you were with me today live, you've watched this live or if you watched this later on when the time permits you to be able to do so. And you found what I went through today outlined if it was helpful to you, if it made sense to you, if you learned something today, um if it encouraged you, um let me know in the comments section and give the little thumbs up. It'll let me know that my time's being appreciated cuz I don't have to do this, folks. You know, and if I get bored, I'll probably do less of it. And the way you keep me engaged is tell me what you're experiencing when you watch it. Okay? If it's if it doesn't work, if I'm calling both sides of the marketplace and it's never working out and nothing ever seems to be doing what I said it should do, say so in the comments section and be prepared to have everybody correct you if that's what you're going to say cuz none of that's actually happening, is it? So now when you look at things like this, the natural assumption is, okay, let's assume for a moment that we weren't looking for this next level up here and it and it did what we have here. The impatience of a new student or someone that wants to use me as an oracle for taking trades, the natural tendency is, okay, now what's next? And you're skipping over one of the greatest potentials for you to develop greater understanding about yourself, mastering yourself as the person that's behind the trader. This this mechanism that we have to stave off, which is, all right, now what's the next thing? Next Now now what's the next thing? You're not doing drills. Drills you do that when you're doing drills where you're desensitizing yourself to entering and taking, you know, participation in the market. That's not what this is. This is tape reading. Where you're getting a feel for what price is likely to do, why it should behave a certain way, and you're training yourself to be indifferent to the outcome. You don't need everything to be perfect. And you're constantly giving yourself a feedback loop of what is price doing right now? Is it still likely to continue doing what I think it did when I first sat down and outlined where I think it's going to draw to. Okay? And you're constantly measuring the feedback of that information viewing each individual candlestick. And it's not complicated. If you feel that this is complicated, it's because you haven't done it enough and that is not a derogatory expression making it sound like you're lazy. It just means you haven't spent enough time doing it. If you continuously do what I'm showing you here, you will be able to do what I'm doing. You'll be able to pick one side, be comfortable with only one side, and then look for the things that support moving higher or lower if that's where you thought it was going to go. But the key is is picking up on signatures that tell you, okay, it's behaving a little bit unruly right now. It's not doing exactly like I would like to see it do, but it hasn't really abandoned the idea yet. And that's a hard place to be as a new trader because you probably put yourself into a trade and now you're experiencing that. And it's painful. Even if you make a lots of money, it's painful and it's like a release, not like an orgasm, but like you got out of jail and you've been doing, you know, 25 years and you just got out of jail. Now you feel like you can finally breathe. You don't want your trading like that. You want your trading to be like, well, you know, I looked for this to happen and bada bing bada boom. It pans out and it's another thing in you know, in a day of life. It's not like highlight reel go to the social media and say, "Look what I did." cuz you can't believe what you did. That's why everybody goes to social media and post that kind of stuff. Because they can't believe they did it either. So they need somebody else to convince them and pinch them that, yeah, that was something cool. You go to your journal and you say, "I executed or I tape read today and I I had I enjoyed it. Like I had a lot of fun today. I had fun doing this today. It was very relaxing. I'm learning not to be fearful of what these candlesticks are going to show in price action because the candlesticks are not going to hurt me. I'm not putting the knife or the gun in the candlesticks hands and saying, "I dare you to take me out." But that's what all of you are doing when you're trying to trade before you know how to trade. You're literally giving it a weapon and you're daring it to hurt you. And then you're surprised when it happens. I mean, I did the same stuff. Trust me, I did all that same stuff as a 20-year-old. But you have to make it enjoyable. You have to make it where it's safe. It isn't going to hurt you specifically from the emotional and psychological position first. The money's always the last thing. Okay? And if you've made it the last thing and you've done really good work in terms of preparing yourself to be indifferent to the outcome, but staying process oriented with a model, you're then in the best position to manage yourself under the context of making risk based trades with real money. And you'll be then you'll be mature enough to accept the success without getting pompous and arrogant and, you know, become and conceited. And then it becomes a matter of outdoing what you did the last time for public, you know, approval. There you go. We haven't seen it quite yet on NQ yet though. US 100's already done it. So we'll see if we want to see a continuation there. I'll fill. There you go. So you guys screenshot that and you can go and tell everybody that ICT doesn't know how to trade and he doesn't know what he's doing. He's calling both sides of the marketplace. It never works. None of this stuff ever works. You know, all the stuff everybody ever I always say it, right? Yeah, you know you hate it, don't you? You came here to want to see you get wrong and it ain't wrong again. Ain't that strange? Ain't that strange? I Here's what I did. I'm going to let you in on this and I'm going to close the stream. I got these 12 laptops, right? And I I can toggle over to the screen that makes the best sense on what I said. So you don't see the transition cuz they're real smooth transitions. When I say something in price action and it it's it's working in one of the screens on one of the 12 laptops, I just transition to that one. But it's so subtle, you never pick up on it. That's the secret, folks. That's the secret. Hope you had fun today. Hope you learned something. Hope I encouraged you. And I'm going to escape and wish you all a very pleasant day. Uh if Lord allows me and it's able to be done, I'll give you a review this evening around 5:00 p.m. Eastern time as a live stream. Till then, wish good luck, good trading, and be safe.
