================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: ICT 2026 Fading Run To ATH Using MMSM \ Judas Swing \ April 22, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VaEdP4TYe8
================================================================================

Stop down from uh 905. All right, so I believe that the feel belly that proverbial market maker that everybody says doesn't exist. And it's selling short inside of that last suspension block. It's a bullish up close candle. And I'm I'm interested in seeing this thing break down aggressively. It can trade to the order block. I'm trying not to overthink it, to be honest with you. I'm just I I think that they're going to go for that sell side. At 805. At 830 looks good, too. All right, so now because if this body can close There you go. It can trade to the high of that suspension block again. But I don't want to see any bodies outside of it. If it looks like it's going to do that, I'll just collapse the trade. Mhm. You would have traded down to uh 795 in that fair value gap and wait. I would have done a better job of uh getting long. I'm trying to short it here cuz I could have took the same idea here. I wanted to see it rally up and then fall short of all time highs. And then look for a short. And then go long again. That was my intentions to go today. Like I I wanted to do several things. This this feels good because they left that sell side at 8:05. And they they didn't take any sell side. They just started running off of Tuesday's relative pre-market trading hours opening range gap high. All right, so I'd like to see it get heavy in here. They might want to send one more time up to get people thinking it's going to take that all-time high out. I think it I think it's going to go back down into um Monday's opening range gap. I'm trying to decide whether or not I want to take partials at 8:30. Or 8 uh 64 half as my first partial. Just to get something for the trade. All right, that looks like it wants to come back up inside that suspension block. Mhm, if it does I'll add. There you go. And give me a little bit deeper of a higher up into that suspension block. And No market re-play. No market re-play. Mhm. In a perfect world, it would just you know, drop right from here, but the change this now. We've done the the run above that, so faded out a little bit in color. So, it's done the work there and it's done the work here. Change that. All right. So, now the active line above the all-time high. Let's put this over here a little bit. I wish the bodies of be a little bit more bolder with the wicks. All right. So, see how far away I got right there? All right. Add to it there. I'm watching that wick. Any minute, wick. There's a There's a saying that the really, really good trades are the ones that are I don't want to say the words like like like I'm not I'm not afraid, obviously, but I'm more concerned about the outcome of this trade. And they usually say these those are the most uh powerful or the best wins. I'm not sure if they mean cuz you overcome something. The trepidation of it. But, uh looks like we're going to get to the high of that suspension block. I'm waiting to I'm trying to fancy that. Okay. I like that. But, don't run. Just give me a Give me a chance here to I keep it there. Keep it there. Keep it there. All right. Yes, I'll take that. So, we have the high of the suspension block. So, I have averaged basically that's one quarter of the suspension block, so half of it. And we'll prove my concept here. And I'll take me high. So, what I'm what I'm trading on is the idea that they'll leave all-time highs there intact until they pick out sell-side. The question is is is it the 830 26,830 sell-side or 805 808 805 area. I have my limit order down there in the event that it really starts to fall out of bed. I don't want to lower my stop yet because I don't trust the um the order block. The last up close candle. If I were making the market I would drop it out of the side downside of this orange box I have shaded which is the suspension block. I would take it outside of it one more time and then I'd come up there and I'd wick it. They'd leave the high intact. Don't take the all-time high, keep the high of day there. And then start to work lower. But do it quickly. I mean I I demand that it does that now. I mean I'd like to see this fall out of bed, but I'm I'm concerned about lowering my stop right now. The way it looks and because they ran it straight up from 745. I just I I I know Phil's going to be active today. He's going to be running crazy wicks. So while these candlesticks in the range that we have here, this is actually nice. It's almost like normal market conditions. I just don't trust it. So where it consequent coaching of the bus and balance outside of efficiency. So I keep my eyes on the candlestick as it's breathing. There's There's like little telltale signs like that right there. That right there. That's Phil. That's Phil. See how fast he snatched it up out of there? So there's a minor sell side and see here you go. Just don't take the stop. Oh, see look at that. Uh look at that. Oh, that's definitely Phil. Well. If we break down below like 64 half in convincing manner I'll I'll try to pair some of that. I'm going to take uh rotations here. Hold on a second now. All right, so I want to see it start to really break lower. And key is I want to see it do it with speed, a lot of distance while it moves down. So far, I like the candlestick the way it is right now. But I want to see it really try to traverse lower. I'm going to resist the temptation to take something off here. I only got 20 micros on, so it's not even It's like the equivalent of two minis. That would be a good partial right there. And I'll lower that stop. I'm trying to determine where I want to go because I still anticipate some crazy wicks. The thought process is obviously they ran higher and they got real close to all-time high and failed to go there. So now everybody's holding on to it looking for that bull flag that, you know, the pain out that's now to be It's just been decimated. So, I don't think they're going to give a lot of opportunity to get out for the longs with stops at 26,830. So, I'm I'm trying to determine how many contracts I want to take off. If I can get that get to that, do I want to market it off or do I want to put a limit order in? All right. So, we have a little bit of a sell-side imbalance buy-side inefficiency. And a wick, so we'll start with annotating the bearish fair value gap. And watch see we can do with that first. I'm trying not to worry too much about the color. I'm more specifically watching There you go. Lower stop. the the candlesticks. So, if I'm If I'm correct, the sell side imbalance buy side inefficiency here, if it trades to the upside of that, the wick on the up close candle right before it, um the that wick's consequent encroachment, I'm eyeballing that it could it could trade up into that. In a perfect world, it would drop heavy right here and not even come back up any higher. I'd like to see that. Nine highs coming back for sell side. So, in my mind, I'm thinking, "If I was long, and I rolled my stop to 8:30, would I feel safe here?" And I personally wouldn't. So, that means if we start to roll towards that 26,830, it should do it quickly. Bodies have to stay in the lower half, optimally. That fair value gap. I'm just watching that premium wick just above the high of this fair value gap. If it just prints it on a wick basis real quick, just snaps it up there and keeps the bodies down, then I'm still golden. I won't worry about anything. I don't want to move the stop yet. So, we traded up to consequent encroachment. I like how that closed there. That wick. Yeah. The body's got to stay below that wick, consequent encroachment. All right. Let me show you. This wick right here. I said the bodies they got to stay below that. And just cuz you guys are going to get a fast recording, I'll just type it out real quick, too. And you're here. Except All right. So, sometimes when I post these short sped up videos uh with a song. I don't I don't think I'm going to do a song today, but let's make this a little more prominent so you can see my expectations. It's hard to interpret that in a sped up video. But, uh people try to say I add those comments after Oh, that's nice. Look at that. Very good. Oh my goodness, I'm getting lucky here today. But, they some people say that I add them the comments after the fact that they're not organic to TradingView's platform. Uh don't I don't think that's real. Something that people should waste time on. You can clearly see I'm using the platform to type them. Think Think that 8:30 low those relatively equal lows. I think I'm going to put something as a exit there. Let's uh I've got the equivalent of three minis on. I have in 30 micros. Let's do fives. Five contracts. Um I do want to move that stop. So, I'm wrestling with the uh determination of whether I want to do the stop first or place the limit orders to to get out. I'm kind of leery about putting the limit order in here because I'm thinking it could spike down here and take my uh 26,805. Yeah, right there's where I think I need to be putting some orders there. Let's just do it now. All right, so this line here. I can't do that. I can't grab a hold of it now. Come on, man. Get on nerves. All right. This going to go real slow waiting to I Screw it. Let's move out of the way. All right, just sticking this up and annotate it. lighter sell side liquidity Yeah, last bottom. Yeah. All right, let this uh read the bid a little bit like bringing myself something in this. I don't want to see it like stuck like stagger or like spend too much time around that high the Monday's regular trading hours opening range gap high. At 8:40, I want to see it kind of really just go through that a lot. The sell side imbalance it just formed out of that bearish fair value gap. I'm looking at consequent encroachment of that. No wick there. I'm lower reaching wick. I don't know what that was. Perfect world, it would it would just drop right here and just give me at least a partial. But I think I want to layer buy limits just below that uh 26,830 level. I don't want to see all of that sibi give up the entire range. I want to see the upper portion of that. Ideally, if it wants to take sell side, it'll leave the upper portion of that big black sell side imbalance by turning efficiency open. But, with those wicks, it makes it a It's It's a little hard. Let me scrunch this up a little bit. So, you can see the relative equal lows, and I'm going to put this up here just a little bit higher. Or just beneath it. There you go. I just don't I just don't trust today. I know I know they're going to be in here doing some monkey business. And I'm hoping I can at least get off one partials one of the partials um below 8:30. So, I'm going to have to retrace a little bit. I'd rather it I that it doesn't do it. I don't want to dress it up with too much annotations cuz I'm I'm trying to avoid being distracted by having all that stuff on the chart, but I know I'm going to speed this video up and show it to you on X real fast to prove that it was done real time cuz it takes a long time to to compile the video when it's being done with Camtasia. Okay, let's show you the Siby here and the consequent curshment. All right. Look down in here. All right. So, let's change that. Come on, TradingView. Come on. There you go. I know why it does that. So, as long as it stays out of there, um I'd like to say stay heavy. So, that portion that's the upper portion that's outside of balance by side inefficiency. And one more order underneath there. Leave me 20 on, and then the take profit at 805. But that uh sell side of balance by side inefficiency. In a perfect world, it'll stay below the consequent encroachment. And there's a a wick that touched that consequent encroachment level. And that my my eye and my focus is staring right at that. And I'm watching how we create new candlesticks in the How eager is it to stay away from that midpoint of that wick? I've I've found I've had to really, really focus on what the candlestick is doing. And how fast when there's a uh little disturbance inside of its formation. Like I gave you before we uh ran out the high of that suspension block. Okay, so we hit Now, I'm going to see it get heavy here. Cuz there's a uh inversion fair value gap that would form just to the left. But I want to really see it take that limit order out. All right, so we're going to put one there and there. So now I've layered a nice canopy of buy limit orders. So if this thing starts to drop off, which right now we're inside of a bullish fair value gap. I think that's going to be inverted to allow for lower prices. But I don't like that wick we just touched, the consequent retracement to the CIVI. I don't want to see a body above that. If it does, I will collapse half the position. And I'll have to do it like in fast market orders, so I'd like to see it just stop right here and go the other direction, but I don't think they'll take the I don't think they'll take that that wick high out. But it needs to stay in the lower half. The bodies need to stay below the midpoint of that wick. Oh, yeah. Phil is online. He's definitely online. This This is artificial here. This is not algorithmic. I don't want to see 8:59. at all. 26,859. I don't want to see that. All right, stay heavy in here. Stay heavy in here. Come on. It either wants consequent encroachment of that premium wick or it wants to take the stops that would be just above that wick and I don't want to see it trade above the wick high. I don't want to see that at all. That's problematic for me if it does. I'll have to bail on half the position. And 10 either 10 or 15 contracts if it gets above that wick. Stops are They want consequent encroachment of that wick. Yeah. If it were bullish and wanted to take out this relative equal highs and take the all-time high out, it should just run straight up from here. But because I'm bearish and I think they're going to come down for the sell side cuz they didn't run anything before they ran from 7:45 Eastern time all the way up to falling short of the all-time high at 26,000 901 3/4. So, the fact it's not ripping higher here tells me I may have to weather the after position being taken off if it takes that wick out. The bodies have to stay below Let me show you. This wick right here. So, like it needs it needs to say stay below here on this part of this. All right. So, as long as it keeps the bodies of the candlesticks below that, I'm golden. It should get to uh my first partial or maybe two or three of them. It's good. I like that. That looks good. Monday's regular trading hours opening range gap high. That's the shaded gray area. That's what it's defending. Like it's it's working that level there. So, what's actually occurring is they're manually keeping it here versus where algorithmically it or it would have already delivered down to 804 80 802 something to that degree. But, they're uh All right. Okay, let me see let me see if they'll loosen it up a little bit. Below that gap to the left of us and act as inversion. Looking good. Looking good. Good little dog whistle action. Oh, you dog. You dog. Come on. Ah, come on. That ain't You're being rude now. Come on. Well, I'll give it a chance. There you go. There you go. Two of them. All right, so we've taken two partials off. And let's move the stop down a little bit so that way hopefully we lower. We're inside that bullish order block. The 818. Mhm. I would have I would have really preferred it took a lot longer draw and larger candle to the downside. It's struggling here. I think that they're going to want to take it up to that inversion. There you go. I'll give it a little moment. Let's see. Yeah, they're they're they're holding it. They're definitely holding it. The last line of defense is the high of that Monday regular trading hours opening range gap. The the height of that gray shaded area. That's that's my point of failure. If If it starts putting a body above that, I'm going to look to peel something else off. So far, it's a nice little market maker sell model. Selling short at the smart money reversal. Yeah. I think they're going to go back up inside that fair value gap and neutral notes of inversion in the making. And low to the high. Drag this over here. Color's appropriate, so I don't have to worry about changing anything. So, you you know what this looks like traditionally. So, if it trades up in there, uh the bodies have to stay out of the upper half. Um I I'd prefer it just use the lowest portion of that fair value gap inversion fair value gap rather. Ideally, if it doesn't go there at all, that's wonderful cuz if it starts to drop here and it gives you my next limit order, that would be stunning. But, it looks like they want to take it up there again. So, it would need to do very quick rejection of that. It's already spending too many candles inside that SIBI to give it institutional order for entry drill. So, when there's multiple candles like that and hasn't dropped off, that's indicative of wanting to go back to at least consequent encroachment of the CV or in this case there's a inversion fair value gap just above us. Oh, it might make me a liar. Look at this. Looks Looks fav- It looks favorable. I don't like it stalling like this. I don't like that. Yeah. We got that inversion fair value gap. Too deep in the south side of the curve to add anything. So, hopefully it'll give me more information where I can trust to lower that stop. I'd hate to see it all be up come all the way up here and uh Well, I I got Last year I was reiterating what I've said many times before. Um when I started teaching online concepts and whatnot, um some of the people that got a hold of it uh tried to rebrand it and then they show you their little teachings and they call them FU candles, you know, the the bad word, FU candles. Um they I said that they didn't exist. That's not a thing. But um this year we're seeing the actual birth of them. Where you see these 100-point or 100-handle uh candles come out of nowhere. Trump tweeting, you know, something like that or sometimes it's you don't you you don't even know what's going on. All right, let's let's see how we trade here at the low of that inversion fair value gap. So, where it's at right now, it's almost a given it's going to trade into that inversion fair value gap. So, my focus is in the consequent encroachment of that. So, it has to keep the bodies below it. I guess well, at or below it. Let's say it that way. Okay, so we tapped it there. Perfect world, it should drop right from here, but unfortunately, you always got to give it an opportunity to see if it wants to get in there for a deeper premium. But if it's valid, it'll it'll keep price in check and the body should stay in the lower half. I'm contemplating putting my limit order just beneath the low that's formed in this recent drop down. And I'm arguing I'm arguing with myself in internally saying I'm I'm feeling the the concern about manipulation coming in. Cuz they could they could spike it down here and print below my limit order but it not fill me because they took it out of that range too fast. That's what I'm wrestling with inside my mind. I'm I'm I'm wanting to take something else off cuz it's already in my mind it's spending too much time too much time for my liking. So consequent encouragement is just in striking distance. Um There it is. It booked it. All right. So now it needs to keep the body at that level or just be And there you go. Perfect. Perfect. That right there, that is how it looks. That's perfect. So I want to see it trade down and accelerate through the low of the price run we're inside of. Don't go up there anymore. What are you doing? I want to see it stay heavy in here. I don't I don't want to see it revisiting the inversion fair value gap at all. Like I want to see it stay heavy here. I know. Black stretched out limousines. There you go. Come on. Come on. Send it down here. My focus is Monday's regular trading hours opening range gap consequent encouragement. So, the way you see that is the way the text is to the left of the chart where it's labeled that dotted line. I want to see it trade to that and accelerate down through it. And let's put uh a little bit of a chef's kiss annotation so that way you see it in the recording sped up still. Too big. That's There you go. I hope that shows up on X. If it doesn't, you know. Sorry for your loss. All righty, it touched it. Consequent encouragement of regular trading hours opening range gap for Monday. I feel I I feel like I should take something off here. I would leave I'll leave 10. I don't like a stall like that. Let's do it. Right. And TradingView is lagging again. Oh, look at that. Finally. Yeah, I don't like that. I don't like that. It should It should have never came back up into this. Uh I'm going to have to mark it. I don't like this. I should have just marketed it out. When it was sitting down here instead of putting the order in. It's good enough. I don't know. Regarding that sell side at 8:05. Uh let's see if it can sell off here a little bit. Come on. I trigger fingers itching. I'm watching that wick we're trading into right now. The bodies need to stay underneath half of that. I just don't trust it. I know Phil's online. I know he's Yeah, he'll pull some shenanigans here. Yeah, and you never go wrong taking profits. Never never go wrong taking profits. So. Definitely feeling the uh concern for where we're at right now cuz it's spending too much time. Come on, drop down there. Drop down there. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Gosh. You dog. Oh, man. Well, I'm not monkeying around with that. So, I I know I know if I let this thing turn on me and I don't take something off here manually with the a market order, it's going to irk me. Try to give it a second. I don't know. It should have dropped heavy. Yeah, something's up. Something's up. See how it's stuttering and it's not wanting to go down there? And that right there is not what I want to see. I do not like that there. Yeah, it's it's printing slightly lower lows, slightly lower lows, and they're defending 26,804s. For whatever reason they don't want to go down there. So, it may be because I tweeted and told everybody that's that's what I'm looking for down there. I'm not going to let I don't like going to let you get off of it. Okay, so, you can see we're above I'm starting to encroach on that wick. That's my concern. I'm I'm watching the candlesticks and anything above that, I'm just going to market the Yeah, I don't like that. It's spent way too much time in that consequent encouragement. And that's not good. Let me just take one of one of here. All right, so that's the consolation prize. It touched the limit order. But uh it didn't fill it, so I'm going to remove that. So if it can come down and fill my next one, uh then I'll leave the remaining five. Uh admittedly, I don't like where we're at. Feels artificial, so let me lock in some more. A partial's been taken. Uh not on a limit order. So one of the things I taught is if I have a limit order and I'm near the end of a price run where I think it's been reaching for and it's close to my target, but I I I see my order not get filled. I I just just to appease the discomfort that I'm feeling, and just to remove the the wrestling matches inside my head that I know by experience I should do it. And if I feel like I'm trying to wrestle against taking a partial manually, take this uh stats, so we'll feed out the color. So if I have a um a limit order that like you saw it trade to the price but didn't book a fill, so it still kept me in. I've learned over the years it's the best scenario just to simply take a market order and peel it off. If If you don't feel comfortable with it, and it's not showing you signs like it's it's showing no signs of wanting to continue here because it's spending way too much time inside that sibi and spending too many too many candles around that consequent corrosion of that premium wick. So, I just uh I teach that when you see that happen, it's better for you to uh just manually take something off. You don't go wrong. You don't make mistakes by taking profits. Okay? That's That's just the rules, okay? Nobody's ever wrong by taking profits. So, here's the sibi we're inside of and we're spending way too much time. See how many candles are inside there even though we went to the high of it? But because we're seeing so many candles staying in this thing and not trading down to the sell side, that to me is indicative of something's something's not right. So, if it's not right and to be right would be taking those relatively equal lows out at 26,804. And because it doesn't show any willingness to get down here quickly quickly, rather, I'm expecting this thing to uh rip my face off to the upside. And I have 10 contracts on. And my stop loss is you know, barring some kind of a fill belly candle coming in here, I would be okay normally, but I just it just looks like in other words, I'm hearing the Jaws music theme. That's That's what I'm expecting. Yeah, it's it's it's not good here. But for the culture, I'll leave it on. I I already know what I already know what's going to happen here. I'm I'm going to I'm going to see myself get stopped out. And I'm wrestling with whether or not I want to take another five contracts off and this sacrifice the remaining five. Cuz I'm spending way too much time inside that CV. Way way way too much time. I'm happy that it it has performed this well as it has and it afforded me the opportunity to get out where I was getting out at. But because I have uh I have you as an audience, I want to stick with the trade idea because best case scenario with a worst case outcome is that we'll see some kind of manipulation that'll be obvious. And if it shows up, you'll see it. It'll be no doubt. I know if I went on Twitter and screenshot this I should and post it where my stop loss would be. In one candle, it would go up there and run right through it. Without a doubt, it would happen. See how it's stuttering and doesn't want to go lower? Yeah, something's up. I'm seeing that black cat two times now, so deja vu. You know what that means. Oh, look at that. That's filled. And that's the brakes. It won't even let me get out of it. There you go. There's the fills. It's okay. I still beat you, buddy. Let's get rid of that limit order. Come on, cancel the order. >> Mhm.
