================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: ICT 2026 Futures Market Review \ April 21, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCMv3J6_9Lg
================================================================================

Good evening, folks. Hope you're doing well. All right. Second here to old man now. So, I'm going to get right into it. I usually wait for a thousand or so people to show up. But, we'll just get right with it cuz I have things I got to take care of. All right. So, today in live stream I went over several things. And I kind of want to remind you all that if you haven't watched the live stream today and you're watching this live now or you're trying to watch this before the live stream earlier today, put this off until you watch the live stream from earlier today, okay? Otherwise, it kind of like steals the thunder from what you're going to see in price action this discovered here. So, this morning um we had Fed in the mix. We had Trump in the mix. We had other data points that were being released around 8:30. And obviously the ongoing stuff with Iran and Israel and the US's participation and all that stuff. So, clearly it was a little bit of a a cluster. >> [laughter] >> So, I started the day off explaining why I was looking for lower prices and I'll briefly go over it again. So, that way you understand it. Um If you look at London session, very, very, very clean highs. Market rallied up. Cleared a pre-session time. So, here 7:00, right there. So, we had this high. It rallied above that after clearing London's relative equal highs. So, we have done several things here clearing multiple forms of buy-side liquidity. So, everybody's going to want to be wanting to go long. Okay? Breakout artists they want to capture that type of run. They think it's going to keep going higher. Sell side below here. And I went on Twitter and I posted what I was looking for, which is 26,695 even was the number I gave. So, I was looking for a minimum two ticks below that line, which is anchored to this low right here. And the reason why I only went with that is because I wanted to see if it can dig into Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap. And that's the difference between Thursday 4:14 p.m. Eastern time to 9:30 a.m. Eastern time Friday morning. So, the same thing we we've been doing continuously. And everything I used today was very simplistic. I didn't add in like the new week opening gap. I didn't open up any new day opening gaps. I had nothing really in terms of advanced stuff. We're just simply using gaps. Okay, regular trading hours opening range gaps and pools of liquidity and fair value gaps. And I was basing the directional idea that I wanted to see going lower because we have had continuously, you know, up closed candles for two weeks. And it's reasonable for it to have a a retracement. It's reasonable for it to try to get to um Well, let's just go to the daily. All right, so I mentioned how this wick here, the midpoint of that wick consequent encouragement. That's going to be like a like the area where price is going to gravitate above and below below above and below. And I want to see price runs that will dig down below it. Okay? And that price was 26,745. So, while it can still go higher, I'm not trying to pick the top in the marketplace. So, please understand that. But if you look at how many days we had, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 up closed days. Come on now. >> [laughter] >> You got to you got to at least give the uh the chance for a down close candle sometime soon, okay? And if you go back into the 1-minute time frame, look at that mess right there. We'll get into that in a second. Look at the the rally that took place during the pre-session high being taken out right here, 7:00 in the morning, right there. Come up, trade lower, and you can use this little gap right here. You do it on your chart. I don't got enough lipstick on this. I got to clean all this stuff off when I'm done. But the this little gap, project that forward, and you'll get that there. So, that's inversion fair value gap after taking this high here, go into it. Where was the fair value gap? Here. Breaks lower. You could have used this high. In the live stream, I mentioned this high. And I said that if I were Phil, if I were making the market for NQ, I would want to see it trade up into that high. And we were working all that out in here. And then I I taught you a lot of details around fair value gaps and their first utilization and the principle of first utilization and then when it can go back to using its first utilization even after it goes to inversion. So, the example I gave was this sell side imbalance buy side inefficiency, which when price is below it, it can act as a reason to see price go up to it and go down. But if it trades above it, it can be used as an inversion for everybody got as you see here and then trades up and does this that's where you can see all my entries and whatnot for uh for this morning's example where I was building in the position and that recording is on X, okay? And but the folks are asking where I found that song. Honestly, YouTube sometimes this was a does a wonderful thing and suggests songs to me and I have no idea who that artist is. Uh I just like that when I heard it. I was like, "Wow, let me let me listen to that." So, that's where I got it from. It wasn't anything but just happenstance that YouTube suggested it to me. So, it was really nice to be able to get that from from YouTube. So, all the uh entries of around that inverse uh the well bearish fair value gap and then working lower all these little partials whatnot and I was looking for the low of Monday's regular trading hours uh opening range gap and that's the bottom of that gray area right here. Okay, that's what this is. I'm laying my cursor over top of that so you can see the whole range turns gray. The green part here that's overlapping, that's today's Tuesday's regular trading hours opening range gap. Now, here's a suggestion for you. When you are using um these ideas, these concepts the way you get around having all this stuff here which admittedly is very very cumbersome cumbersome for me because I I don't use all this stuff on my chart. I have it in notepad form. So, as I as I get these levels determined based on where we open um I'm writing them down on my little notepad. So, that way when I'm looking at price I'm literally looking at like this. So, it allows me to have a whole lot more attention to things that pop off in the chart cuz if I have all this stuff on here it it it kind of like so it forces itself in the forefront of my mind where I'm not as I guess astute more attentive to things that are creating brand new because I'm only really focusing on making sure I'm commenting on the things that you would see because you're starting off like this. Now, I'm not suggesting that you go to complete naked where you know, the price is like that and trading off of a notepad. But eventually some of you might gravitate to that. It's not necessary. But let's just say for the sake of um organization and housekeeping when you're doing your charting. If you create a a workspace for individual relative I'm relative >> [laughter] >> regular trading hours opening range gaps when they're close together and when they're overlapping like we just saw today with Tuesday and Mondays. Um what you want to do is create a a workspace that has just Mondays and then Tuesdays. So that way you can toggle from one workspace to the next and you won't have that bleed over of having you know, two of them here. Now, some of you might look at this and say, well, I actually like that where you can see this portion is a little bit darker. So you can see the contrast between the two and you can see how it was used there with Tuesdays. Regular trading hours opening range gap high. That's this level right there and it hit it perfectly. There. And then sold off. And it went down to 26,695 even. And it dug into Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap. So, whatever it takes for you to keep your charts clean, um try not to have too much detail on them. But for your journaling when you're first learning, it's real important to have annotations like cuz you You see it visually. You want to be able to have maybe not so much of all this here, but I'm pulling out the things in life tape reading with you, so that way you can see what I'm looking at. And while my while my eye isn't necessarily being keyed up on the actual colored boxes here and whatnot when I'm looking at a fair value gap or whatever, I'm looking at the level and I'm watching the price over here. See how it works. Right now it's showing this as the current market price. I'm actually watching my levels on my pad and I'm looking at that number majority of the time. So, I'm watching how it moves and fluctuates between my key levels, which are derived from what I just showed you today. Everything I annotated, I'm putting those levels in the order in the notepad. So, when I'm writing down levels, you know, the highest one is this high here. And that's the one I told you if I were making the market for NQ, and of course you heard me say I I you know, I'm not filled today. And the market ran up and took that out. So, that buy side was taken and then the market was permitted to go lower to my target, 26,695. Okay? So, knowing what you're looking for, looking for PD arrays to give way, in other words, allow their first utilization to not participate with the delivery of price action and then see if it can invert. And so, if there's an inversion aspect given to that PD array or that gap or that inefficiency, whatever the thing that you're using to build an idea where price should or should not go, you're constantly reading the tape around these levels. And in the beginning, don't look at this over here and just try to follow price cuz you you're not going to you're not going to be able to follow price effectively like that in the beginning. You haven't done enough work where you're having it annotated on your chart and studying its behavior. So, while eventually you may not have all this stuff on your chart, in the beginning, don't be afraid of it. Don't be afraid of it at all because you want to be able to burn in the characteristics of what these PD arrays help you decipher and see in price action real time. It builds anti anticipatory price reading skills. It helps you forecast and anticipate things in price action that if you didn't have the annotations on the chart, you probably wouldn't expect it to happen. Okay? So, again, if we looked at it as What is happening here? I'm going to go to daily chart. I didn't want to do that. >> [snorts] >> If we're looking at price and it's seen through nothing on a chart, this can be a lot a lot more intimidating. It gives you concern for what it is you're focusing on, what you should be focusing on. And sometimes throughout the day, even if you're adding a lot of annotations, don't be afraid to take away the you know, all the annotations and look at price action. Get a feel for what it looks like naked. Okay, there's nothing There's no shame in looking at the chart naked. And that's no pun intended actually. It came out right, didn't it? Or did it? But the the levels that we would be looking for and then that liquidity run there, and then looking for 26 695, the um objective reaching for liquidity, you'll be able to appreciate that more when you're taking the annotations away and then reading price action casually, intermittently throughout the day like this. Because it builds a great deal of confidence knowing that to look at a chart like this, it's like the first time when you start looking at price action. You you're like, "Why did it do this? And what caused it to turn around up here? And what caused this little bit of a hiccup there? And then why did it sell off from there? And why did it create this little area here before it sold off aggressively? And why did it go right there and stop and then come all the way back up to here? And then why did it leave these relative equal highs here?" And then this low, why did it go down here and take that out? And these are opportunities for you to record observations. And then go into a chart with the annotations, and you'll be able to build a whole lot more constructive narrative study, where in the hindsight study of it, it helps you because you don't have that skill set yet. And by looking at what it has done through having the annotations on your chart, it just builds a skill set that you don't quite have yet, but by having annotations on your chart and you're looking at key levels, if you will, it helps give you visibility in price action that hopefully will allow you to formulate a model for trading. What means participating with a a paper trading account or a demo account. And again, I'm not telling you to trade with real money. So, anyway, um we watched this go up here. It took the stops out and then I mentioned how while we were in here, I said we would likely draw. I would look for it not to go higher. If it were to go higher, we would just say ICT was wrong, and I wouldn't have participated in in any kind of long at all. But I said I was bearish. I want to see it trade down to 26,695. And I mentioned in the stream, I said, "Using this this is basically reverting back to its original utilization. So, it's a sell side imbalance by side inefficiency. When price is below it, it should act as a means of premium array, uh um a real resistance level, a real um I guess you would say supply PD array. Okay, if you want to look at it from that lens. So, either you want to see it as resistance, or if you want to look at it as um supply. All these things are going to help you build the understanding if you're brand new, if you're coming from other schools of thought. Okay, if you've never done anything with other retail concepts, then clearly um it's it's useful to you to to see it through my vocabulary, my vernacular. But, the uh annotation I gave here, no candles' bodies. Okay? And I had a couple people ask what that means. And it's simply me saying this. When that fair value gap there, which we talked about how no supply and demand zone trader would have ever used that level. It never would have been utilized, ever. Okay? Because we're cutting through this, and we're cutting through all this. So, what's so important about that right there? It was utilized as a means of holding price here, allowing it to act as inversion there, to get up into this one. And then it went down through it. So, it's offered a lot of information and intel. It was utilized on two sides of the expression. Expression being original utilization, which is bearishness, right in here, and then it was utilized as inversion here. So, what do you think that does? It validates that as a really good level to be treated in the future, and you can keep that projected in the future, and it'll use it'll use it again. Kind of like a balanced price range, where we want to see price go up and down between two specific price points. And then that thing becomes a very formidable area of like defense, if you will, okay? And think of it like the bolo. If you see a a balanced price range form, you can use it to protect your stop loss as a barrier, much like I taught with the bolo. So, it's not just PD arrays that puts you into a trade, but there are PD arrays that are outside the 81. So, bolo's not part of the 81. 81 are entry models. They're entry PD arrays. Bolo's, okay, and balanced price ranges, their their utilization are defensive. They help guild to give you context. They give you uh structure and framework about what is not permissible in price action. And if they fail to do their function of keeping price outside of them, they many times indicate a significant shift in market structure, and it may indicate something much more powerful going in the other direction. So, even if you do have these utilized in your um engagement with price action, if they yield to you and say, "We didn't We didn't do a good enough job of keeping price out of this area." and it trades through that, don't be fearful or look at that and say, "Oh, it fails and it failed, so they changed the algorithm." No, it's actually giving you information telling you that something on the other direction is underway. And just simply take the next PD array to get in sync with it, and many times you'll catch a tiger by the tail. No extra charge, you got that. And if you didn't write that down, you missed something really, really good. But I said that the no candlestick bodies in the upper half of this fair value gap. And we see it trade up with the wicks here. The bodies were permitted to be in the lower half here. And then we had this one more little punch here, which I wasn't on the stream at the time. And then we didn't leave a body at all there. And then we came right back up to this area I told you would act as an inversion fair value gap. One more time there. Consequent encroachment, consequent encroachment, failed to touch the low of it. See that? Right here. The candlestick right there. Failed to touch it again. And it failed to touch Monday's regular trading hours opening range gap high there. And then start to sell off. Then we get into this one. This is going to be a a sell side imbalance buy side inefficiency reverting back to its original utilization. So, it's a premium all right, cuz it's a down closed candle that would offer opportunity to sell short, keep price lower. And we open here. We wick outside of a little bit and then heavy distribution lower. The minor sell side liquidity pool. Let me get that line off here cuz it's not selling anymore. Moving lower and then we get down to Look at the green box, okay? I'm highlighting just the edge of it right there. So, that way it shows the full Tuesday regular trading hours opening range gap high. It trades there and then starts to displace lower. And we get into that gap I told you when we were here before I closed the stream. I said I would personally want to see it take out that high and then go lower. If it goes higher, I'm I'm wrong and I wouldn't have participated in any way and it wouldn't hurt me because I'm not taking active participation and trying to capture a long. So, we were looking at these fair value gaps in here and this one here. And I told you that because I'm looking for 26,695 this gap was the initial target if it rolls over. Watch this after I leave the stream. This will be your first target. And then because of this candlestick's body just just below the low of today's regular trading hours opening range gap low that I told you and go and listen to the stream. That's why I said if you watch this without watching the stream live, I talked about these things real time before all of this stuff happened. Okay? So, I'm not bragging. I want you to understand when I'm when I'm giving you details around price action and how simple ideas applied to my PD arrays, this is the stuff these other guys is trying to teach my things don't know. Okay? And I promise you they're learning along the side of you. They're in the same class. They may watch the videos after you. They may not be part of part of the live stream's audience, but they're always coming back and watching my stuff. And that's not arrogance, okay? That's just the facts. They're learning just like you are. So that body being just outside of Tuesday or today's regular trading hours opening range gap low, I told you that indicates that at a later time today, it's going to be going lower than that. Go and listen to the stream. That's exactly what I said. And I told you before I left the stream that we would look for it to draw down to this gap because if we look at this low up to this high equilibrium or what would be like halfway anything at that price or higher is premium. Well, below it would be discount. This is a target if it's up here looking to go lower this is why I told you to look at that as a way of studying price action and then look for it to trade down below the bodies here, not the wicks. It's going to go below the bodies. It does so here aggressively trades down into a gap that we used yesterday and then went down below my target 26,695 and then dug into Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap to some random level. Okay, you see that right there? That's an octant. That's the highest octant level in Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap. The full range is that. Now, you're going to tell me that buying and selling pressure this happened to agree. All the sellers said, "We're no longer interested in selling." And the buyers came in and they only want to buy right at that level. That's what you're going to tell me. I mean, think about it. Okay, it's it's it's nonsense, right? >> [laughter] >> Come on now. You got to be honest. That that this kind of like makes it very difficult to justify just it's buying and selling pressure. And if you if you want to argue that still at this point it it's it's comedy. But at that moment, price turns and goes right back up into that same gap. Now, this gap is a buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency. It's a discount relative to where we were here and that that low. So, trading down to it as a target, okay, wonderful. It's going to be a speed bump because I told you watch for this to be taken out and look for 26,695. I tweeted that this morning. Look at the time I tweeted that price. This price. 26,695. It dives down, hits the optimal level, comes right back up to this level. Now, this level changes. It's original utilization is a buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency. If the market were in fact bullish or was in fact bullish, it trading down to this would create a reason to go long. You did not hear me tell you that today. I told you that it would trade down into this and then because of that little body there, it's going to go lower than that. Your chart should show what I'm showing. And it did, right? But now we can go to this. Once we traded down through it, this can change to inversion. So, its characteristic and original utilization reverses. So, it would be used as a bullish PDA array right here, but if it trades down through it as we expected it should after leaving this area coming down and then aggressively run to this level here down into Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap highest octant level. And then it rallies all the way back up and trades into inversion. Now, so this should act as a means to repel price lower. Watch what it does. It goes up. The bodies are printing in the upper half. Do you do anything with that? Not yet. So you let price do this very thing here. Look at the bodies thing inside the inversion fair value gap here. And then it rallies back up. Then it starts doing a return back into Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap high there. That purple box is the the same thing that I did for Tuesday here that's in green and in Monday's regular trading hours there. So I use shaded boxes because they're so overlapping and close. I'm hoping I didn't do a disservice to you by having it like this, but otherwise it'd be a whole lot of lines here today and it would be very difficult for me to manage all that stuff. Even though I can see it from the data in my notepad it would be very cumbersome for me to talk about it over the charts because there's too many individual lines. So I just shaded the areas, okay? And then when it was salient I'd I'd make reference to a quadrant or an octant level. But now watch what happens. It utilizes it here, this fair value gap that's orange. It rallies up and then now watch what it's doing here. The wick is allowed to go up into it. The wick is allowed to go up into it, but where is the bodies? Is that bullish or bearish? Based on order flow that good old ICT teaches no gimmick stuff, no looking inside level two data no depth of market, no ladders required. What is that telling you right here? Is that bullish or is that bearish? Specifically, the fact that we can't get the bodies to come up inside of this inversion fair value gap. It was permitted to do it here. Why Why wouldn't you have went short there? You could have. I'm not looking to do anything there. I want to see does it revisit that gap because it's already shown a willingness to leave the bodies above the midpoint. Right here. See that? So, when we see this, that's very very bearish. But, it's also doing what? It's going to leave relative equal highs. So, this is engineering buy side liquidity. When you watch me do the live streams like today and yesterday and last week, um when you're a brand new viewer or first-time viewer, when you see me talk about this, it's very easy for people to say, "Well, I can do with that. I can talk about after the fact." But, I think I've earned the right to be able to do this part, okay? Cuz I've I've talked about things like everything that were here that took place and before I left the stream, I told you there would be no bodies in the upper half and it would go down to my target and it did that. Um so, hopefully, you're mature enough to see I'm teaching you still principles and theory. Otherwise, why watch my stuff? Okay? Just go do something else. But, this is engineering buy side liquidity, okay? Buy side liquidity is not limited to buy stops on short. It's not limited to buy stops on a breakout. It's to disrupt algorithms. It's also to to get algorithms on the wrong side because that's predominantly what you're seeing today. Algorithms are pushing orders through constantly for their for their trading, okay? Large institutions have them, individual large investors have them, people like us, we have our own little algorithms. They may be autonomous. We may have things that just put ourselves in in the trades and we don't have to be in front of the charts depending upon how good your your coding is and your logic is. But This is by side liquidity. top left I'll make that a little bit bigger. As she always says that doesn't she? So engine liquidity and we can now look for that low to be taken. All right. Now before we we get busy over here you can already see it does that. But let's scrub over to old information, old stale data. >> [laughter] >> That's what they say. We have this old low rate of here. See that? So this low from Monday 11:00 in the morning. What do you think resides beneath that? sell side So if it were going to continue going lower, wouldn't it be reasonable to see if it can challenge that low? And what would be resting below that? The opposite of what we showed here. sell side liquidity So the only thing that's being shown here is the utilization of just the last three regular trading hours opening range gaps. Do you recall me talking about that in X spaces and other live streams and lecture notes? I believe I said that a lot, didn't I? You only need three of these. And you have all the information you'll ever need to do intraday trading. without a bias without a hard line higher time frame bias because what I said today was contrary to what we've been seeing for 10 11 days which has been breakneck bullish straight up. So, I'm not afraid to go short once we got into all-time highs and we failed to continuously run. And I'm using that wick on October 30th of 2025 as I indicated on the daily chart. That's a that's a catalyst. It's allowing me to reach for runs. And that's this price level right here. Right there. Okay? So, that was the sell side I wanted to see a trade to and then how it digs into Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap will give me more information on how I can anticipate something else in the day. But sell side is drawn here wrong, so let me correct that. Bottom and then there. Okay? And what we'll do is we'll actually put that on the right uh the right side cuz it's not really going to be helpful to us when we scroll back over there so that we can see it. Okay? So, let's get everything back. So, we have engineered by side liquidity there. And the market dives down, trades into another gradient level and then it runs all the way back up after hitting it again. This October trades up, falls short of it here, aggressive sell off and this is wild price action, folks. Look Look at where it's at. 780. That's 100. That's 200 handles in a very short span of time. And you want to trade without stop losses, right? I don't use a stop loss. You're nuts. But it trades down and clears out the sell side there, but look at the bodies. We went through it, but the bodies hurt they didn't do anything except for stop right at Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap, consequent encroachment midpoint. See that? Auction upper quadrant and then rips the face off all the way back up to take that buy side there. And then we back into this nonsense price action area after 4:00 p.m. This is the kind of stuff here. That's what I was expecting to materialize in the 9:45 to 10:00 10:15 time because the Fed was going to be talking. Okay, so uh that's why I was telling you we're in the area where it could be 50/50. It could get stupid and I it could have ripped up here and took out that high and it would have been something, okay, big deal. It did it. I I I wouldn't be a I wouldn't participate in it. I wouldn't participate in that. But I'm thankful that the the analysis that I gave today panned out. It gave you something to study. It gave you something to utilize in hopefully build some confidence around the concepts and the theories even in markets that are difficult right now. And uh real quick, I want to go over to MES. And yesterday I was giving you a relative equal lows that I like to have keeping your chart and I I don't recall if I told you to to annotate the one lower than the one I'm going to show you here. But if you watched the live stream from Monday I mentioned how I like this right here. And then if it can go through that down here as well. So we'll we'll look at that one and this one. And you can see today how they ripped through that. You got all that mess there. Okay, so this this right here, all of this is manual. This is not algorithmic at all. This is straight up Phil on a caffeine rage. Like he's literally just he's he's fit to be tied. >> [laughter] >> It's one of those things, catch me if you can, okay? I'm Leonardo DiCaprio in the movie and Phil's coming after me. So, what's his Tom Hanks was coming after him, I think if I'm not mistaken. And uh he's in the always stay like 10 steps ahead of him. That's what I was doing today. Good old Phil. I'm sure he'll get me. He'll get me before the end of the week, watch. But look at this. For you S&P traders, we have a real real clean level there. So, we'll see what they do with that. I'm quite certain they'll probably disrupt that, okay? And then let's take a look at the the Dow. Same thing. We have uh engineered liquidity there. So, you want to watch this area right there for the for the Dow traders. Uh it's too clean. They're going to disrupt that. Um let's I still kind of favor a deeper retracement lower. And I don't want to sell the idea too hard, but I I think that the averages, you know, Dow, Nasdaq, and S&P, I think that they still have a little bit of room to come back lower. And it may be it may be a little difficult finding entries to get to be a participant in that, but I I want to go into unless I see something when I wake up tomorrow. And um before I even come to the social media to let you know where you know get ready to stream or whatever. And And if I do any kind of pre-market commentary between 7:00 and 9:00, I kind of got up late this morning. So, I missed the sunrise. I was a little disappointed in that, but tomorrow if I wake up and I see, you know, everything overnight supports the idea of looking for lower prices, you know, I'll I'll give guidance with that so you can take read with that going into um 7:00 and then 9:00 we'll start looking for what sets us up for our trade reading session around 9:25 a.m. I'll stay with you till 10:10 Eastern time tomorrow. And then I'm going to escape. Okay? So, that's going to be it for today. Hopefully you learned something today with a live stream and this. And if you don't feel like you're learning anything, keep showing up. I promise you're going to pick up some things that you can't learn unless you're simply looking over my shoulder over real-time price action. It won't work if you just look at something as a review. Like where it's already done. You need to be sitting with me when I'm talking about the candlesticks before they form, before they book, before they print, and before they start the run. That way I'm sharing my internal dialogue. I'm sharing what I'm expecting, what I don't want to see, why it's favorable, why it's not favorable, what PD arrays I'm pulling out. You can see they're the ones that work. And that's the experience factor. And it kind of like it just basically thum- I'm thumbing my nose at all the people that say that if you put all these things on your chart, eventually something's going to hit. That's not what you see happening. You see me literally talking about individual specific PD arrays, individual specific criteria, and it's delivery. Okay? And anyone that says otherwise is literally in denial and they're just trying to troll. And it's been fun up till now, but now it's gotten old hat. It's just not in- it's not as interesting anymore. I'll laugh at you, but then I'm going to mute you. Okay? So, that way you can you can comment with the rest of the community, but I'm not going to see your comment anymore cuz I'm not entertained by it anymore. So, we're we're in that university level perspective of price action using my stuff now. So, high school's over. We're done with that. And if you want to learn, hang out with me. If you don't want to learn, and you just want to have, you know, fun talking nonsense, go do the other circle jerk, you know, communities and talk about me. It's great. Have fun doing that. Uh but I'll still be over here winning while you're trying to play catch-up. So, I'll talk to you tomorrow, Lord willing. Be safe.
