================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: ICT 2026 Low Probability Tape-reading \ April 21, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5PpnT-l-zSk
================================================================================

Can you guys hear me? I can hear myself. Let's see here. Nice. You can't leave me alone, can't you? So, we'll see here. You doing well today? Hope you're well and healthy. I'm uh going to pull up some do quick so I can make sure I have the right information for us anything. Okay. Um at 10:00 we have uh Fed chair and we have pending home sales. That's medium impact news. Powell says supposed to speak this morning too. I don't know if he did or didn't to be honest with you. If he did, you know, whatever. All right. So, we're looking at the regular trading hours chart for MNQ. And this is these lows are over here. You know, I'm I'm watching that this morning and going into the afternoon. Uh we opened here at 9:30, ran up, and then tanked it pretty quick. So, any movement below this low here and using that inversion fair value gap that we talked about all the way over here. Okay. It's the one we were looking at the other day. If we can find our way down below that, I'd like to see it perform as an inversion fair value gap again. It's a little too smooth in here. So, let's go over to uh electronic trading hours. Take a look at this. So, obviously with all the the Fed chair stuff, Trump, you know, jawboning this morning, um just you know, it makes it low probability to to anticipate a great deal of precision. I was giving you guidance on your tape reading this morning that my interest was initially on Monday or yesterday's regular trading hours opening range gap low. Um I think they probably did that on your chart, too. But that if I wouldn't have got stopped out when I showed you in the recorded execution, uh they would have took me out here before delivering all that. So, that's that's classic Phil for you. So, uh anyway, um to be quite honest with you, I'm beginning to feel like I'm being singled out, just let you know, and it sounds a little conspiratorial. And a lot of a lot of the trolls are going to have fun with that idea, but you know, I never had difficulties before getting on here, and now all of a sudden I do. So, you know, my tweets get delayed, they end up posting >> [laughter] >> far past when I wanted to see them post. So, I'm having that exercise a whole lot more due diligence to make sure that any of my communications get to you. So, it makes you wonder. Makes you wonder if they have a vested interest in keeping you from hearing the old man talk. Yeah, the the demo baller. So, uh anyway, actually I shouldn't have done that. Let me let me put that same same way here. So, we have all the bodies staying pretty much close to yesterday's previous regular trading hours settlement price. Let me go back into it. Regular trading hours that make sure you see that. That's this right here. So, 4 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. And it should be anchored over to that, right? There. And just for slight contrast, let's a little bit lighter. Okay. So, now becomes like a 50/50, unfortunately. Uh was looking for lower prices obviously this morning just for the morning session. Um I I wasn't certain it was going to do a full run down into this inversion fair value gap. If we if I could have got on the live stream in a more timely manner, I would have looked obviously to see if we could get 3/4 closure, full gap closure. Um today we could could underscore could see it accelerate down based on whatever the the Fed has to say today. Um anything below this sets the stage to potentially trade in this area here. Now, it's just going to be an observational on my part. I won't be participating in that. Uh I'm really just interested to see what they do now with what they've done so far this morning. You obviously saw the execution what I was doing. My attention was so in that, there was nothing else for me to be doing, you know, the other 11 laptops. >> [laughter] >> I hope you're doing well today. I'm I'm doing extremely well. The uh electronic trading hours. And let's zoom in real quick here. What is that? And then let's go into electronic trading hours. I was missing that little candlestick right there. So, I would have done I would have done fairly well if I uh would have left that stop up here and just watched it roll this morning, but immediately the the Trump stuff and the Fed chair stuff would have been a concern. So, let's answer a question I got. Again, new subscriber. Um why am I trading in a demo account? Again, for the folks that are outside the United States, I'm not a licensed trade advisor. Okay? I'm not a certified trade advisor. That means a CTA. Um I'm not in a position where I'm going to take on the responsibility of telling you what you should do with your actual money. So, when we are looking at things, we're we're practicing reading price action. Okay? And when I did a paid mentorship, that was the whole process as well. When they signed up, they signed a release giving me complete protection from any misunderstanding about me suggesting them to get into a trade with real money. Okay? So, because in the United States there are governing bodies like the CFTC and NFT um or NFA rather, and uh these governing bodies protect you and me from people that would otherwise do scams, frauds, and stuff like that. So, to protect me, protect you as the audience, students, we are watching price action. We're studying price action. And when you see this little thing down here in the lower left-hand corner in my videos, okay? I'm enforcing the focus on the fact that you should not be taking anything I'm saying here as actual trade advice with real money. Now, I know some of you, you're going to watch the stuff I teach and you're going to get an inspiration all all by yourself. And it's going to make you want to do something with real money. When you do that, when it's profitable or when you take a loss, those results are yours. They're not in any way, shape, or form attributed to me. I can't cause that. I can't take credit for it because I didn't put you into a trade. Okay? So, that's the reason why I don't do it with uh and then I almost I don't sit here with a live account and say, "I'm buying here and selling here. I'm not going to do that because to do that I'm inspiring you by default to do that very thing. So, if you know I'm a demo baller and I'm teaching with that medium, none of you can say, "You put me in this trade and I lost money." That's why I do it. Okay? And I had no shame in it because it protects me, it protects you, and I could give two shits really what anybody thinks because I while I like all of you, I'm not opening myself up to that kind of problem. Okay? So, that's why I thumb my nose at everybody because they want me to do something to get myself in a situation where it's a pickle. And I'm never going to do that. And frankly, I don't need to. So. Um while we're sitting here banging around waiting till 10:00 to start, I'm going to hang out with you till 10:30 this morning and we'll see what results come by way of the the Fed chair. And you'll see that on Forex Factory economic calendar for today. So, you'll see that if you take a look at that. And I have no idea what they're going to do. I have no idea what they're going to run for. Um like I said, I'm interested in studying any runs that make a an attempt to get down to here. I'm not interested in being long. I'm not bullish. So, what I'm doing is I'm going into the market this morning with the expectation that maybe maybe the market will provide something that we can study real time candlestick by candlestick. If it obviously starts to rip the you know, go higher, then you know, it is what it is and there's nothing for me to to talk about. You can call that being wrong. I'm calling it I'm waiting for more information and if information presents itself, I'll call candlesticks at that time. But, you know, until we get to 10:00, let's just let it bang around do whatever it wants to do and I'll go over here and show you what I was doing this morning with execution. So, there's a couple things that I was looking at this morning. Um obviously looking at where we settled at yesterday 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. That's this level here. The bottom of that gray box here. Let me Let me do this. Um Let's go with this. Okay. So, that green box is um a 9:30 opening price here. You can see at the high of the green box. And then the low is yesterday at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. So, it's seen like this. We're opening up here. Consequent encouragement, which is mid-gap here in one candlestick it did that and then it did a full gap at closure and just a little bit below with that body. So, in other words, that's another reason why I'm looking to see if it can get an attempt to run down here. I could very well be wrong about this, folks. You know, the the Fed can come out and make a comment that sends this thing parabolically going higher and make an all-time high and it's okay. It has a has no has no bearing on, you know, what I'm expecting or not cuz either the price action gives me something to look at and study with you or we would view that as you have a model, you're looking for something to participate using that model and if the price action does not provide the context to do that, you don't do anything. You're not losing money. You're not getting bad results because you executed with the wrong bias because you're waiting for information. Either the market provides it or it doesn't and it's okay if it doesn't. Forcing this outcome that, you know, I have to participate come hell or high water, I have to do it. You know, that's you know, that's gambler's mentality. I'm trying my best to try to cultivate a mentality in the students here. We went back to consequent encouragement of Monday's regular trading hours opening range gap here. So, 9:30 yesterday, I'm sorry, 4:14 p.m. yesterday Eastern time is the previous day's settlement at regular trading hours and we open up here. So, that green box is representing today's regular trading hours opening range gap. So, now we have that distinction. Let's go back in. So, we had the market run up above a new high that was formed. We had relative equal highs here, ran above that. We broke lower. Small little gap in here. We used that there. And the ability to trade back into this gap as well with this smaller little gap there being utilized. So, that's inversion. This is inversion and classic bearish fair value gap here and we broke lower, took out that low. I wanted to see initially if we were able to hold price below this wick. Okay? So, this wick right there. Wicked up a little bit. And while we're trading in here, I wanted to see if it could do that cuz if it would have rolled over, the very first 30-second fair value gap, I would have sold short there. But, because I was giving it the opportunity to see if it can go back above this and use this gap here. So, I comment if I if I'm not mistaken, I thought I saw a comment on X saying why did I draw the upper fair value gap like this. Well, cuz it has a volume imbalance right here. So, that's why it's drawn that way. And price ran up and when we were between both of them, I was already adding to a a short that I wanted to build up. If I could have got in this, then I'll take more, which is what you watch me do in execution. But, because we were between those two fair value gaps, I was basically using that as an eyeballed rough estimate for event horizon. So, even though I'm between two fair value gaps, this is not no man's land. Okay? Because the context is I will I wanted to see yesterday or Monday's regular trading hours opening range gap low. I wanted to see it trade there. You can see my limit order was placed there as the target and whatnot. So, when we were between them, I started entering because I could have just simply got the wick outside of the lower and they never would have traded into this. So, that's why I was initially throwing something into the trade because I felt very confident that yesterday's low, otherwise, I mean, that's why I posted it on X. You know, if I'm if I'm expecting something and I'm feeling pretty good convictions about it, I'll I'll tell you what I'm looking for. And my interest was yesterday's regular trading hours opening range gap low. And when we have two PD arrays when either one of them could be utilized and if we're trading above the lower one, I'll throw in just something to you make sure if it starts to run away and doesn't trade in the upper fair value gap, at least I'm positioned and I have something in the race. Okay? So, but when we got in here, you saw I was really adding more into it, building up the position larger and the expectation was as I indicated, no bodies. I just borrowed this here. It was initially up there. I didn't want to see any bodies laid in the upper half. All the bodies were buried in the backyard, the lower half. So, this is this is premium sensitivity. Premium sensitivity is where the market uses a PD array or gap and it only in involves the lower half of it when you're bearish. It can wick into the upper half, but the bodies are telling you something that no other form of reference in terms of technical analysis gives you. This is real visual order flow without any gimmicks required. So, the executions you watched me build them in and then I I'd said I think I was two two or three candles off where I said there's going to be a sharp drop incoming and then we saw it rip down here, which was nice cuz it took out that low and I don't need that to happen on a closing basis. And then we didn't even come back into this lower fair value gap. And as I was watching, I was like, "Okay, well, they're going to use this inversion fair value gap there." And then same same concept of applying new candlesticks in the upper body I'm sorry, in the upper half of that PD array. It looked like this basically. Like that. You can see we wicked through it here. So, that's a mohawk. That's always permissible. Why why is that allowed to do that? Because we had this little bit of a gap there. So, always anticipate that potentially happening, but perfect scenario, we want to leave some of that gap open cuz it can act as what? A breakaway gap. So, the body stay out of the upper half here and we come up one more time, touch consequent encouragement and then rip lower and then I was watching this wick. Once we Once we broke through on the downside, I didn't want to see any bodies come back above that. Okay? And even though I wasn't saying anything in the recording and it's a music track that I I found last night. I thought it was nice. Whether you like the song or not, I don't care. But, the the the internal dialogue I had while watching this level when I first posted, I was telling you you know, in my mind I was saying, "If you been in the student of mine, you know I'm going to be looking at this level. Okay? And once we break lower, it's going to act as same thing we teach with this. This going to be the area of sensitivity from midpoint consequent encouragement to the low. So, all the bodies need to stay in that portion and that's what it does. It wicks just through it one time, but then all the bodies stay in here. So, this is time distortion, yes, but it ultimately trades down lower and just falls short of the low on Monday's regular trading hours opening range gap low. And then we went to this business here. And then if I would have still been in the position and it hadn't been stopped out in in profit, this high being taken out right here would have waxed that trade effectively and then went lower. So, nice I mean nice rip lower. But we're in very very low probability for for precision right now because we're up against 10:00 Fed. Anytime the Fed comes out and gives any kind of testimony, any kind of jawboning, reference point, a data point, a concern, a speech, those speeches, those things are going to be impactful. And they could cause a lot of damage quickly. So, if you're not aware of these things and you're not looking at the economic calendar, you could probably get caught offside really bad really fast. And I mean just look at how we operated here in the first 1-minute candlestick. Yeah, that's a lot of range there. High being at 808. I like that. It's my birthday. 26,808 and a quarter. 808 I should say. My wife always corrects me. It's not it's not O. That's not a letter, Michael. Listen, you weren't raised by hillbillies like me, okay? Me- meanwhile, I was in I was watching Dasha over at Lumi Traders yesterday quietly. And uh I noticed that she uses the R when she says wash machine, her wash machine. And it sounds like she's been raised around my family cuz we say wash. And you it's time to wash your clothes. I got to wash my car. I got to wash this jacket. There's no R in it. And I never really paid attention to that until I was doing videos and folks on BabyPips are like, "Why you say wash? There's no R in there." I'm like, "Yeah, not your business." But I thought it was cute, Dasha, that you actually used the R in it as well. So, something I observed. You probably don't care about that, but I just want to toss that in. The the high 26,808 and a quarter and the low coming in at 771. So, that's a that's a pretty handsome 1-minute candle. Like that's nice. And then the body's this one right here, that little tiny signature. If we didn't have the Fed stuff coming out here, you know, any kind of information that they'd be presenting to us as as market participants, this right here, that one little body below the opening range gap from yesterday, that would be a catalyst for me to anticipate lower prices. But because we have all these other things to weigh out, it makes it difficult to trust that. So, just know that that's the reason why I posted that I like the idea of 26,000 695, which is those relative equal lows here and it's just above another inefficiency that I I highlighted. So, at the moment, I'd like to see something where it moves lower so I can call out some candlesticks, but as it is right now, I'd have to to sit still and do nothing. And that's what it's like when you have a model. You have to look for the things that supports the idea of you participating or not. And if they're not in price action, you do nothing. And you don't care what social media says because you're not you're not giving your business to other people to mind. I- I- if if you let other people mind your business, are you minding your business? No. Somebody else is the captain of the ship and then this might sink it. All right, so it looks like they could prove me incorrect about my assumptions looking for it to go down to that 26,695. Not that they can't get to it eventually, but uh they might want to be taking that up to uh clear out that high on that higher fair value gap there. So, I noticed since I post sometimes on live stream whatnot, people come to the stream later on and I think they may use these levels to position trade intraday and that builds liquidity around that high. So, they could come up here and take that out. Like I would do if I was Phil. That's exactly where I would take it right now. But yeah, I'm not Phil, right? So, you see how this was a fair value gap. This was kind of like the last line in the sand for me looking for lower prices to that regular trading hours opening range gap for Monday. Since they proved it's being utilized here, There you go. Where's the bodies? Outside of it, the wick came down. So, that's supporting the idea that we could if we get above this, it needs to really start stretching its legs and rip above here. So, it's just a smaller observation to study. It's not like a big big deal. It was mad bigly this morning. I dodged you, How about it? So, anyway, um we're going to work more on entries this week. So, I'm going to give you some more um lectures around that. I have a couple people leaving some comments and you can see them on the on the YouTube channel. Um so, I'm saying that's that's some really bad trades being taken there. That's not a trade. They're engagements that get you into practicing entering on a fair value gap. Just like when we're when we're tape reading, we're looking for draws on liquidity. And if a draw on liquidity is of an interest to me, then we wait to see if there's order flow supporting that. It's not a oh, he said that level, so let's go and just go short or go long based on wherever R actually sees it. That that's that's not what goes on. But unfortunately, a lot of people in other countries, they see that and they interpret that as oh, he's giving me signals. And that's not what this is at all. It's for you to sit down and start watching price action with your own model and discover whether or not your model is giving you feedback to either participate or saying no, this isn't real and I'm not going to participate in it cuz my model says nothing should be taken right now. That's the part that makes the interaction your responsibility, not mine. And the feedback that you get from that is obviously useful over time. You you end up getting more information that's user-friendly. Now, since we used this sell-side balance buy-side inefficiency over here, let me check something. 73 3/4 open. Uh I did it right. There's no volume there. That's why I started telling me it looked like it was a volume imbalance there, but it's not. So, since this was utilized here as a premium rate held price lower because it validated its use here as that type of gap. This is a tip for inversion fair value gaps. Once the price has utilized the fair value gap with its initial utilization, meaning price was dropping lower, it's a sell-side imbalance buy-side inefficiency. While price could potentially trade lower, we're going to borrow my logic that it was going to trade to yesterday's gap low. And they use it here and the information and science around the implementation of premium sensitivity, which is no bodies in the upper half, and it sent price lower. When this is when this is shown effective, those are the ones you want to carry forward in your chart. And then if price can get above that, you would you would look to see if it can act like this one did here. It's what I say sell-side imbalance buy-side inefficiency just like this one here. Its formation was first utilization. The conditions that are presented when it first forms, it's a down close candle. When bearish, it should act as a uh premium fair value gap and it was something that's bearish to hold price lower and then send it lower. Well, when we went above it here, it acts as inversion fair value gap. Same context applied to here. There, okay? Same thing with this one. But this one is not as strong because why? It didn't give a lot of detail like this one does. So, this is an inversion fair value gap that I would have more I guess emphasis on versus this one. But there's nothing wrong by taking this and carrying it forward, but I would more I would be more inclined to use this one than that of this one. Meaning like look at it this way. I have some really nice comments coming in on the YouTube channel after these live streams that you guys are learning and you're getting a lot of information that's useful. So, they cleared that fair value gap. That's probably random. Okay, so don't read too much into that. I probably got lucky about that. Oh, look at him. He talked about something that moved 25 handles. Big deal. You can never make them happy, right? So. Nice little reaction there off of that gap. Now, if you're looking at supply and demand, you would never consider that. That would never be a factor for supply and demand. Okay? So. Just know that when we're when we're looking at price action, we're looking at things that can't hide from you. Even if you did not participate. This is also a skill set for you. When you're when you're doing back testing and you're you're looking at old price moves, the idea is that you want to see where price did things like this, where it used a fair value gap that you were not even watching and you weren't even in front of the chart at the time. Don't be afraid to take those and annotate them because they've proven themselves here with first utilization. That means it was sell-side imbalance buy-side inefficiency, went bearish if it can act as a means of sending price lower. When it can do that, that validates that as an actual fair value gap. So, if we ever trade above it and above it, leave it and then come back down in, you would anticipate the opposite that we saw here, where they're all the bodies were in the lower half because it's premium sensitivity. If it can trade above it, then we would look for discount sensitivity, where only the bodies are allowed to be in the upper half and a wick can go down and color outside the lines a little bit, but it needs to stay in the upper half if it's going to perform like that. Here, we didn't see it leave and come back down in. So, this is not performing as an inversion fair value gap yet. You still keep it on your chart and you study it. This is actually a little wild today. So, I can study this one. Same same premise. So, one of the things that would be like for me, for my personal takes, I'm not bullish, okay? And it can go higher today and and make all-time highs today, and the ticker won't be part of it. I'm comfortable with not being a part of that. But, let's use the logic of this outlined. We we did not trade outside of this gap over here yet. We just wicked outside, a small little body, but that's not that's not validating the inversion fair value gap. It's got to go outside of it and then come back in. And we're not seeing that. It's got to leave a body outside of it and we're not seeing that at all. So, when it doesn't do that, but we have a fair value gap here that can perform the same type of way. First utilization is it performs as a bearish fair value gap. If we trade above it, same thing, we want to start looking at this. Do the body stay in the upper half? If you don't mind, I'm going to take this. Um That level off so that way we can focus a little bit better. So, we have not only do we have the buy-side imbalance sell-side inefficiency here, but looking at where the first utilization of a fair value gap when it changes from that of a bearish fair value gap, the body staying in the upper half here, that's constructive for then looking to see if we can get outside of this one and then support the idea of higher prices. So, this is a decision-making. This would be an execution. PD array. So, that way you're looking at it like that rock surface, you know, I was telling you many times where price when it's going higher, we look back and see what what is the cliff with the rock surface that it's it's climbing up. And where are there potential areas where we can use for foot holds to push ourselves higher in price or hand holds to pull ourselves higher in price action. And by using areas like this, okay, it's like a like you're down here as a rock climber and you're looking all the way up cuz you want to be above this high here. You want to get up to where everybody else has been wanting to climb to. This is where all the best pictures are taken from, okay? So, by having that sheer rock surface like this as a cliff, you're reading price action with this lens. You're down here, okay. Well, we have this nice sell-side imbalance buy-side inefficiency. So, the price could utilize that if we get above it as a means of a foot hold. Mid mid point or consequent question of this wick, that could be a foot hold. We see it there. We see this gap, which is sell-side imbalance buy-side inefficiency. It was utilized as such here. And then price went above it, came back down in, the bodies did not go down in the lower half. In fact, the body stayed outside of it. That's a very strong inversion fair value gap. So, when price uses these things, we look at the other remaining portion of the climb as a rock climber, proverbially. Okay, I'm I'm giving you a an analogy. If we're go if our goal is to get up here to the top of that rock surface and all of this is the cliff that we have to climb up, when you're down here or if you're in any part of the price run, anywhere in here, you're looking over here where there is a foot hold or a place you can grab a hold of to pull price up higher. And using these types of analogies help frame where you can forecast. Like just just by the fact that it took out this high here and then using this logic, this is an observation that you should be feeling proud of because you watch it happen real time. And it matters not even if it ever goes up to this high. The fact that it took this high out here, that's the beginning building blocks of you seeing setups that form. Watch, let me show you. If you were watching say say you had the the the expectation of seeing this perform as it did. The body stayed in the upper half and then we want to see it trade back up and outside of this gap here. Well, you have a high here. So, there's buy-side in this here. So, you have relatively equal highs and this here. So, it traded above that. If you went down to a 5-second, 15-second, 30-second chart and studied from in here to there, for some of you, that might be your model. It might be your model to look for those types of little runs like that cuz they happen all day long. All day long. And showing something like that on social media, you might get people say, "Wow, that's that's really simple. I like that." But, many times what you're going to get is somebody say, "This is a dumb run. Why didn't you buy it down here? Why didn't you buy it on the last day of March and still hold on to it?" These people always come after the fact and they they do these things to tear you down. Make you guess that, you know, or second guess your model. When in the beginning, you're not supposed to be inviting anybody to the conversation because nobody knows what you're building. Nobody knows that. You don't even know what you're building. So, when you allow for criticism to come in, they're going to critique you on a small sample set of information, only what you shared. And you really aren't asking them for it, but you're going to take that information in and it's going to have a great deal of impact on your development. You're going to think, "Maybe they know something I don't." And they don't know anything. They don't know anything. They just want to share their opinion unsolicited. Like I don't care what anybody thinks about me. It's entertaining, but you shouldn't care about what other people think about you. And you should not invite them to what you're building. You know, when when a set of engineers sit set out to build something and they have the plans and they're and they're following that that model and the build is is being put to to task on paper for blueprints, they're not in the business of going out there on the street and say, "Hey, look, we're we're building this Fortune 500 skyscraper for a very large conglomerate and we we would just like to know what the public's opinion of our our our plans are." Nobody does that. But, that's what you're doing when you're you're sharing your business on social media about your trading. So. All right. Now, we're at the high of Monday's regular trading hours open range gap. Okay? And half of that is here. So, that little dotted line there, that's half of Monday's regular trading hours open range gap. So, with the failure to get above this in a way where it was using it as inversion fair value gap, this gap can return back to its first utilization. That means a bearish fair value gap. So, where we're at now, if it comes back up, I would want to see it keep price from wanting to get in the upper half, so we would look for premium sensitivity. It's the lower half only. Wicks can go in here. It can wick outside of it a little bit, but I'd prefer if it if it retraces up in here, the body stay in the lower half and then maybe make an attempt to get back down to Monday's regular trading hours open range gap low. That's this little area right in here. Okay? We also have this area here that was an inversion fair value gap. It may it may use that again. We already tapped into it there. And that Yeah, don't want to do that. There you go. So, it would be something like this. I would like to see it carry on. Good grief, Michael. No bodies in the upper half of that. Best if it just uses this and rolls over. And then this. It started as a sell-side imbalance buy-side inefficiency. It's showing some sensitivity here, so this is discount sensitivity. Watch these candles in here. If it trades up in the here. Probability shift far, far less in in my ability to read the rest of the move. And as tape reading, that's all you're trying to do in the beginning. You're trying to get used to seeing reoccurring patterns, reoccurring um Well, rules that I teach you in terms of what price should do. And when markets are not being manipulated with a great deal of crap that we're seeing right now, you have seen and many of my students have seen in their own hands the logic that I teach, that market tends to use that logic. So, the question is is if if it's buying and selling pressure, then I have an amazing talent to read and predict buying and selling pressure with all these millions of different traders all around the world with different walks of life and and methodologies, I'm able to interpret what they're all doing. Or there's an algorithm. Which one's easier to believe? Either way, it's fun to listen to the result. I'd like to see it get real, real heavy here and start putting some large down down close candles in. I'm not in a trade. I'm not secretly doing anything and I'm not trying to entice you to do something. So, I just want you to to know what I'm looking at and what I would expect based on what we have in price action. See that? That's what I'm talking about, that type of thing. And I'd like to see a couple more of them drop down in here. And if we can trade into this fair value gap there, that'd be a nice little run that you can study on the 15 30-second chart. I apologize. I uh I was trying very hard to get on to YouTube and then and it was the same thing this morning. The little tiny little red thing that flashes across the screen when you start a live stream with them. It just it wouldn't it wouldn't stop doing that and it didn't give me the the connection to do it, so I don't know. I don't want to sit out here and complain and and pout about it, but I'm I'm absolutely trying to do these things. So, I might have to start doing the stream a little bit earlier, like 9:00, and then we'll just, you know, hopefully be in it so that way we're there at least when the opening bell happens. I don't know, maybe it's you know, maybe maybe something simple as everybody's, you know, coming on at the same time. If you believe that, I got a bridge to sell you in Nevada. So, I'm looking at this candlestick right here. See how they're these two candles are basically the same in in the length of the body. So, when it's like that, I like the opening price on that for an order block observation. If this would have been like a smaller body and then you had this one here, then I would use this one here. The opening of that candlestick. So, I'm I'm still getting questions even though I'm I'm teaching it that when there's a series of candlesticks, when do I use the last candlestick in a series of up close candles for the bearish order block change in the state delivery? When that last one is the largest of the series of candles. If it's the smallest in the series of candles, I will use the last candlestick as well. So, don't think out there cuz you already gone and wrote your book to go and put it on Amazon and sell it. Uh it's that last candle tells you everything. If it's a series of candlesticks that are up close, if the last candlestick is the smallest, I'm going to use the opening price on that one. If it's the largest of the series, I'm going to use the opening price on that one. But if they're all uniform, closely you know, related in terms of the the size of the candlestick, I'm going to use the very first one of the lowest candlestick in the series. So, there's your there's your little book definition. It'll be the same thing in my books. So, that way you don't have to buy my book and don't buy anybody else's book about my because they don't know what they're talking about. Just saying. Well, we got 2 and 1/2 minutes, 3 and 1/2 minutes. Yeah, 3 and 1/2 minutes. And then I'm going to escape. Um my mornings and afternoons are being commandeered. Um the effects of being a pop pop, a grandfather, is coming home to roost now. So, they're they're asking for help with my grandson. So, my time will be split, you know, even more now. So, my wife and I will be playing grandparents a lot more because of their schedule and they need help with it. So, what am I saying? I'm saying that whatever time I have, uh I will share, but when I'm done, I don't know when I'm going to be able to do another thing, okay? So, just keep that in mind. Hear more about being a pop pop than I'm about ICT. And that's no disrespect to all of you. It's just I have to I have to be I have to be economical with my time and manage it well. And I'm going to get the I'm going to get the best dividends by being a pop pop and being around my grandson than being out here with all of you. And it's not a knock against all of you. It's just family first. All right. Well, what do we watch? We saw the bodies here on this gap. The bodies are at consequent encroachment. We wicked outside of it, but it's showing discount sensitivity here. Bodies not left in the upper half or wicking into it. Did this wick into it there? So, now it's a tug of war between this PD array resuming its first utilization. I said I would want to see it accelerate below these two lows here. And to do that, it would need to start doing with large down close bodies. So, we made this high, higher high, higher high, higher high. We pulled off into this sell side. The bodies are respecting this inversion fair value gap there. So, this is showing discount sensitivity, premium sensitivity, premium sensitivity. We took sell side. So, if it's going to go higher, it needs to run right now to do it. If it doesn't want to do that, this will slowly consolidate and probably start to wilt back down into today's consequent encroachment of relative trading hours opening range gap, which is why I said this gap here. Right here, this fair value gap. So, that's something you can observe. I'm going to have to cut bait here. And I apologize. I know it wasn't all that great today, but it's not for a lack of trying. I'm trying to, you know, connect to this thing and it was for whatever reason not working with me, so um we did some some studies this morning. I I gave you the observation of yesterday's relative trading hours opening range gap low. Um it was able to deliver that. I didn't I wasn't able to get off my final limit order there, uh but working with all of this here, you know, I think I did pretty good with all things considered. And I think that's going to be it. This is low probability conditions. You know, you got you got Pardon me. You [clears throat] have to have a a clear draw on what you think it's going to reach for. And if you don't have that, you have to break it down into smaller little price swings, and that's how you can use your time efficiently or just say I'll come back to it and do back testing after the close of the of the price action. If you're brand new, you want to sit yourself down and watch price action in these conditions because the things that you retain by observing it when it's difficult, when it's not trying to get anywhere in any particular hurry, you want to see what this feels like watching price, reading it like this because you will pick up on it in the future when you maybe decide to trade with real money, you want to identify these conditions before finding out that you fell victim to them and losing money. So, nothing in here is high probability for you to be a participant in with real money. That's what I'm getting at. But it's fruitful for you to study it and observe price action and get details, you know, what is it doing? What is it running for? Is it being permitted to run higher? Is it Is it being permitted to to run lower? Is it struggling at certain price points? And observe. Right now, buy side is here. Okay? And sell side is below this block of price action here because the body, see all those bodies? That's the real liquidity pool. It's not so much the wicks down here. It's this which is the low of today's record trading hours opening range gap or yesterday's 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. Okay, so I'm okay with being wrong, but I I believe that it's more likely that we'll pull in the direction, at least getting to this gap before we take out this high. And I would study that the rest of the day. And I'm I'm probably wrong. I'm probably wrong. But if it pans out, it gives you something to study. If it doesn't pan out, then it gives you something to study as well. And you just you collecting this information every time you engage with price action, practicing reading it. Is it giving you clear details that are coming to pass? You're seeing it watch it and unfold it. Or is it unfolding rather in front of you as you're looking at it? Or is it not producing anything of any rhyme or reason? And if you feel that way, if it if it doesn't feel like it's making any sense to you, observe that. Record what you're you know, what you're feeling. Um if it's frustrating to say, you know, I was looking for this, but price was unwilling to do what I was expecting. And you're not complaining. You're not producing toxic, you know, commentary in your in your journal. Because if you get used to complaining and being critical of yourself in the beginning, you're going to carry that through the your entire career. And your good results won't be good enough to be satisfying. You'll you'll always beat yourself up. And I knew this first hand. I did that. You know, making lots of money wasn't enough because I've conditioned myself to be hard on myself. So if you and if you never start doing that, you'll never have that bad problem to break. It won't be a It won't be a bad habit. So anyway, that's where we're at. You can observe all that. Just focus on this. That That's what I I would look for something like that to return for today. Whether it's a lunch macro, whether it runs there now or later in the afternoon, I would look for something that gets us back to consequent encroachment of this. And if it can accelerate through that, then look for the run below the bodies here. The wicks, not so much. The body, which is that low. Okay? And it's going to be it for today. I will hopefully have no difficulties signing in with the live stream tomorrow morning. We'll we'll we'll tell you what time we'll we'll do it on X. I'll let you know. I'll post a link. I want to make sure I'm actually live streaming and then send the link. I don't want to say I'm live streaming I'm going about to do it. I want to make sure I'm there and then I'll I'll send you the link out tomorrow, okay? Um whatever we do today, I'll give you a short little review. I can't guarantee the time I'll get to it, but until I talk to you then, Lord willing. Be safe.
