================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: ICT 2026 Lecture:  Trading ATH In The ICT PD Array Matrix \ April 20, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-ztz7kReYc
================================================================================

Good morning, folks. How are you? Or good afternoon, I should say. Give me one a second. Something's going on. I'm I'm trying to type out a a link to post to uh X and I'm the letters I'm hitting it's not typing the letters I'm typing. X is acting wild. All right. So, you should have a link coming to X if you're not already getting notified. All right. So, this is um one of those lectures where if you're not really privy to what it is I teach and my concepts it's probably going to evade you. Um So, let me get into the chart here. So, the topic is trading all-time highs with the or inside the ICT PD array matrix. All right. So, we have MNQ here and it's the daily chart. And I'll take your attention down to where it says B hyphen A D J. Notice it's not toggled on. And I'll get to that in a moment, but I want you to look at the the setting as it is with it not toggled. We have the relative equal highs. And look how far away we are from that. Okay? So, I get questions all the time, how do I how do I engage price action when we're at all-time highs? And when we're out there in no man's land and right now, if we were just looking at MNQ through this perspective that would be the case. So, the normal expectation would be retail would expect either a return back to that high or that high. Classic support and resistance idea. I'm not I'm not looking at that. Uh but what I am doing is is I'm looking for the toggling of continuous contract and again, you'll notice that there is no month mentioned up here in the title. If it were the the just the June contract, it would show June 2026 in the title. And so, what you're looking at is the continuous contract, okay? >> [sighs] >> So, I I I get a lot of I get a lot of feedback through the channel comments. And 99.9% of them, they're very, very positive and I appreciate that. And but I want you to really give me the currency I'm looking for today. All right? Because what what I'm going to teach is something I I it's one of those guarded things. Back when I was on BabyPips back in 2010, 2011, 2012 um when I was on there I I I had a lot of things I had on a big list of I will never teach these things. And I know right away, you know, the guys out there around the world that sell mentorships and whatnot. Uh many of them are honest and and they say where they learn it from and they credit me and that's good because I want the Lord to receive the credit cuz it's not me cuz without him I would have never learned this stuff, okay? And if that rubs you wrong, I apologize. It's not to try to sound religious to you, but that's the truth. So, when there are other people out there they'll say, you know, this is what they're trading with and it's not ever mentioned at all where they learned it from, but you all notice now by repetition spending time with me, you know where it came from. So, I just want you to know, I know a lot of you are going to do that and it's okay. Okay, I forgive you in advance. But I want you to give me the currency tell me with a thumbs up. Okay? Tell me with a thumbs up if I gave you something today that is very, very user-friendly and it helps cut through the chaff or confusion when we're trading all-time highs, okay? So, looking at it through the daily chart continuous contract MNQ micro Nasdaq futures contract. If we're looking at through just this, we're really far away still from these levels. So, right away I'm not interested in you don't utilizing this. Okay? When we toggle it on notice what happens. It brings price back down into a range where we can use it. What range am I referring to? Let me get the title off cuz it's a little horizontal sitting there like that. So, we're going to take the horizontal array. And you see this high right here? October 30th 2025. Okay? If it if you highlight that high we're in close proximity to price real time from last week. Okay? Notice that? More specifically this high has a wick. Now, this wick is longer than the previous and the two subsequent candlestick highs. So, there's the longest wick is why I'm utilizing that. All right? So, if we grade that Okay? So, the only thing I've done here is highlighted and I I don't need this line anymore. We'll see it on the lower time frames. Just know that when we drop down to the 1-minute chart that heavy blue line is this candlestick's high coming in at 26,864 half, okay? So, by having that premium wick and why is it a premium wick? It's because it's above the candlestick. And if it were a wick below it for instance, like uh like this candlestick's wick here this is referred to as a discount wick. But if we're ever below it in terms of price like it is down here, that would be considered a premium wick in deference to where the market price is. Okay? So, just want to give you that that is a slight little um terminology issue that may trip you up the first time you hear it. Okay? So, if I say premium wick or discount wick just first thing you should look for is where are we at market price in deference to that specific wick I'm calling for. If we're below it then it'll be a premium wick if we're below it. Obviously, it goes without saying if it's above the candlestick, then it would be a premium wick as well. But when we're looking at just candlestick isolation, no no real mention of anything outside of just one time frame or duration measured through the lens of one conch one one candlestick this is a premium wick simply because a higher or it's the it's at the high of the candle. It's not below the body. So, when we measure that when we're having a midpoint like that, that's consequent encroachment. And now, that means a whole lot more over here. And what makes it important is that not only is it where we're trading inside of today, but it's part of Friday's daily range. So, we can go inside of these two candlesticks, today's that's forming, and last Friday. Okay? So, when we drop down to lower time frames and we look at this 26,000 745 even level that's in purple, don't lose sight of what that is. It's this October 30th premium wick consequent encroachment level. So, let's drop down into a 1-minute Well, actually, before I do that, there's a couple points of reference I want to give you here. I was doing some drills this morning, and I was looking at micro S&P, and I was looking at the Dow and how Dow was typical, you know. You didn't want Dow's the one you don't want to invite to the cookout. So, when we were going through the daily charts this morning with my son and I, I was looking at how there was a little bit of a confusion generated between the three averages, and I'll and I'll go through that in a moment. But, I kind of like one of the bring them to a higher time frame perspective, which is the weekly chart. So, we're going to drop into this real quick on MNQ. Here's last week's weekly range. Notice how we closure up on the high. We didn't have that TGIF scenario. Okay? So, while we did take out an old higher here, we didn't pull back 20 to 30% of the weekly range, which is my TGIF. And whenever this potentially is available to us on a Friday, like if we had a big stretched out, you know, up close candle going into Thursday 1:00 p.m. or during Friday, uh the last half of the day, generally we could see it do a retracement of 20% to 30%, and in some instances up to 40% of a retracement. So, since it's an up close candle, that would be a retracement from the weekly high, 20 to 30% of the full weekly range. And the easiest way to do that is grab your fib, anchor to the low, drag it all the way up to the highest high, okay? And you would do this intraday on a Thursday 1:00 p.m., and you constantly refer back to this. Constantly get a get a reading for where 20 to 30% would be, okay? And now all we have to do is go into our 50 setting, it's just simply change that to a two. Okay, so there's 20% of the range. We have yet to do that so far today. Now, can it happen today? Sure it can. Can it happen tomorrow? Sure it can. But, because of where we opened up last night, because of how we left the market on a sugar high on Friday, where Trump's administration coming out saying that the Strait of Hormuz is open, everything's great, and uh you know, it's peace in the Middle East. >> [laughter] >> Um it's not long after that, and the markets were closed. Um Israel was doing its thing, and I could told you they're they're going always going to disrupt whatever peace agreement there's going to be. They they have a vested interest in keeping it going. So, and you can get mad about that all you want. Like I said, I'm not picking a side. I'm just calling what it is. It's the facts. So, when you're looking at these geopolitical events and we're going into a weekend, just know that whatever the sentiment is going into the weekend, it's probably going to be the opposite because someone's taking, you know, trades on that idea. So, if we look at if Iran came out and said that no, we're shutting down the Strait of Hormuz, that's going to obviously cause an issue, and that's going to affect markets. So, there's a lot of tomfoolery now. There's a lot of manipulation. And because of that, I was looking for opportunities to be short today if it was available to me, and I'll obviously break that down when we get into lower time frames. But, this is like the best case scenario if I would have had a big blow off move for today. Now, today still has yet to complete itself. You know, it's right now it's only 1:24 p.m. Eastern time in my local area. So, we have a little bit of time. A lot a lot can happen in that amount of time between now and 4:00 p.m. Eastern time. So, with this level in mind, okay, I'm going to change that color to a a green. Okay, so that's that's going to be the only level that stands out as green, okay? And it's a 0.2. So, you just know when we go into lower time frames, when you're looking at 26,489 quarter, that is the TGIF 20% of the range level, okay? I'll have to stretch the chart out to get it down here to show it, but when you see it, just don't lose sight of what that was. It was 20% of the weekly range here, okay? So, let's jump back into a daily. I can go back out to the weekly cuz it didn't I didn't toggle it to show on all time frames. I apologize. Okay, good enough. And let's go into a 1-minute time frame. And we'll start off in regular trading hours. So, that's on. So, regular trading hours up here, and don't worry, I'll I'll go through all this lipstick in a moment, okay? But, we had regular trading hours opening range gap form here on Friday settlement price for regular trading hours. And then we opened up today at 9:30 Eastern time down here. So, what kind of gap is that? It's a discount gap. Okay, so we we gapped lower near all-time highs, okay? And we are inside of a portion of price action where it could it can utilize that October 30th, 2025's midpoint or consequent encroachment. Okay, so remember we look at on a daily chart for MNQ, that October 30th, it had a premium wick, and we graded it so that way it showed us half that that specific range. When we're looking at the regular trading hours, where we settled at on Friday and where we opened up, you want to highlight that. And I just simply elected to do it because obviously, you know, I was away from doing it live with all of you today. I was just doing my own thing with my kid, and so it everything's not you're not entitled to everything when I'm talking to my kids. Let's put it that way, okay? And please don't send me, you know, your sentiments emotionally about that, good or bad, because you know, if it's something that's going to offend me, I'm going to mute you. It doesn't mean block you. It just means that I don't ever really want to see anything that comes out of your account again because you're just going to get on my nerves, and I don't have time for any of you. So, by having that regular trading hours opening range gap be a discount gap, and we're near all-time highs, okay? Chances are when we open here, we can come back up and explore above the opening range gap high, which would be the settlement price on Friday at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. So, normally you would see it highlighted when I'm doing the the lipstick on the chart, you'll see it annotated like this or very close to this. I'll have it showing regular trading hours opening range gap high. And then, it's in the middle set to right, okay? And then, you don't get with the opening price, that would simply be this. Okay, see how easy and quick that is? So, if we are at all-time highs looking for continuation, which is always a possibility, okay? What I'm teaching you today is how I engage price inside of my PD array matrix. So, by having a higher time frame PD array that's a premium array, which was October 30th's consequent encroachment level, and then also utilizing portions of Friday's range, i.e., the settlement price at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time, that's this here. And we open today in regular trading hours at 9:30 Eastern time, we have a discount gap. By and in and of itself, always allow for it to obviously go to consequent encroachment on that opening range gap, which is this purple line right here. But, okay? But, we have the tendency for price to go through all the way to full gap closure If we're all-time high and still bullish, you have to at least yield to the idea that it could trade outside of this high and then use the opening range gap as a discount PD array, something to support price that to go higher. Okay, so in other words, it could have went above it, come back down in, showed no willingness go into half gap, and then start to accelerate to the upside, and then make you a higher all-time high, trade higher than it did on Friday. That was in the cards, that was potentially there. Now, because things were doing things a little squirrely with the Strait of Hormuz being closed and then American stockade um not stockade, blockade on the the straight. I you know, admittedly I was waiting last night at at 6:00 p.m. to to see a significantly lower price in all the markets. And it really didn't show that. So, I was a little weirded out by that cuz I kind of expected it, but it didn't do it. So, then this morning I wanted to see where we were at 9:30 and I wasn't really all that interested on in trading in the first little run into that half gap cuz I wasn't certain if it was going to do a full gap closure. And even if it would have did a full gap closure, I still wouldn't have done anything to enter there cuz I would have expected it to try to go above it and then wait to see if it's going to use it. But, when this candlestick went to consequent encroachment and then closed down here below its lowest octant, that's this line here. Okay? This is the lower quadrant. This is the lowest octant. Because it closed below that, to me I interpreted that as it's probably not going to run for full gap closure. And this could be the very extreme high of the opening range gap. Only because the bodies are saying, "Okay, it's it's not willing to even leave a body near, let alone above the lowest octant." The next candlestick we open, we drop down, then right back up inside, and again, same thing here, bodies indicating that it's that's not likely to continue higher. Also, I'm using this wick. Okay? So, there is an a little line right here. And what that is is I'm I'm measuring this portion of the wick. Okay, but I'm doing it through I believe it's electronic trading hours. But, just be mindful of this shaded box area here where it says RTH ORG, that's the regular trading hours opening range gap. Just for visibility and clarity, I'm going to take off those levels like that so it cleans up the chart a lot, okay? And now we have this wick here. It's half point consequent encroachment right there. It should be sitting right there, actually. There you go. It moved for whatever reason. So, that's that's the uh consequent encroachment right there. So, when this candlestick was trading up into it, it was really leaving no room for any doubt for me that it's probably the high of the session morning here, and I can start shorting at consequent encroachment of the wick here to the close of that candlestick. So, anything in here, okay, is fair game. I did uh I'm sorry. projections down here and there's that 20% of the weekly range gap. Okay? So, that from where we opened up here, down here, that's what I wanted to see for the the PM session. But, and I'll explain to you what I did wrong this morning cuz I did a few things wrong, and I want you to know what I did so that way if you encounter things like that, or if you haven't yet, you will. Cuz right now we're in really difficult markets. And it was a little bit of a challenge this morning working inside the range that was being given to me. And I had that real nagging sensation of trying to weigh out all the things like, you know, what could they be cooking up right now? You know, what are they what are they taking a position right now? And then what are they going to tweet about to kind of like supercharge the idea that trade going on? Okay, it's just like and when I say supercharge, it just means that, you know, everything's rigged. And it's really really rigged right now. So, it it's not easy as it used to be where where's the market going to go algorithmically. Now I got to think about that, and then also, if I were in there trying to mess with things, what would I be looking to do right now? And sometimes over the last couple weeks I've been right, but some other times I've been wrong. And really wrong. So, I'm I'm still falling victim to the surprise. Here's Here's what I'm going to talk about right now, and obviously, you know, there's nothing I can do about that. There's nothing you're going to be able to do about it either. So, just be mindful of that. So, in the back of my mind I was wanting to get a good portion of a run this morning, and then come back and talk to you in the afternoon. So, here we are this afternoon, and I was going to utilize this down here as the afternoon session draw on liquidity. If everything technically would line up for such a thing, that's what I was looking to to do, okay? So, let's go into regular trading hours. I'm sorry, regular trading hours into electronic trading hours, pardon me. Okay, and Okay. Actually, I should have kept it in regular trading hours so I can show you where that gap is. I posted a buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency. I already had it pre-labeled as an inversion fair value gap. So, right in here, now you're going to say, "Why did I pick that fair value gap?" Well, look what it did. It paused here in close proximity to it, and then this high was taken. So, that buy side is there. So, whenever you have that, you want to keep them on your charts. They don't they don't they don't go stale. Okay? They're not supply and demand zones. And uh we're looking for logic that will repeat, and we're going to cut through ranges sometimes. And it might fly in the face of what you think is pertinent in retail perspective, but we don't trade with retail perspective here. So, you can see how it was utilized there. A wick through it, sure, sure, but look at that. It was supporting that. So, we're going to extend that always. Extend it into the next session. So, that's Friday's trading, and now we're into Monday's trading. And also another bit of business, um if you look at Thursday and the Friday, so Friday's opening range gap, that's what this is measuring here. So, 4:14 p.m. Eastern time on Thursday, and then Friday's 9:30 opening regular trading hours, that's consequent encroachment of that gap, okay? So, notice that that's what this level is here. And for that, we'll change this to uh uh what can we make that? Let's do it as a deep blue. And we'll make it bold and dash, okay? Kind of wonky looking. We're not going to use the the high and the low, okay? We're just going to focus on the the midpoint or consequent encroachment of Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap. You can have all the other extra ones here, but we have two real key levels now, which is 50% of last Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap, and then we have the 20% of the weekly range, which is TGIF. Now, it is not absolutely certain it's going to happen, but I want you to know what the framework was going into this morning cuz I know a lot of you are like, you know, you watched the recording, which my battery failed. I walked away from the screens. I thought the little plug was fully plugged in, but the puppies like when I'm sitting here at the dining table, that's what I've been doing it for months now. Um when they climb up on my leg, sometimes they'll pull the wire a little bit, and I think either Piper or Scout may have pulled the little plug in from the side of the laptop, and it looked like it was plugged in, but it wasn't fully connected. So, I I'd walked away doing what I was doing in the kitchen, and I came back and it had already you know, it expired. So, it is what it is. So, there's the two levels that were important for me in terms of deriving a bias, and specifically anchored majority of it was to TGIF. Now, TGIF is TGIF is thank God it's Friday, and it's not a religious thing, it's just an expression we say in the States, and I I encapsulate a a view of price action that on Fridays, or as early as Thursday at 1:00 p.m. Eastern time, whatever the weekly range is, if it's a up close candle forming or a bullish week, I look for measurements to 20 30% of the week range. If it doesn't form on Friday, and we start a new week, I'm always looking for the potential for it to form on Monday. If it doesn't form by Tuesday, I'm abandoning it, and it's probably going to continue in its longer term things. So, there's an extra little rule there for you. Long story short, these are the two levels that I really good target here, the best case scenario for today. So, if I was able to put on a short, this right here, just a little bit above it, that would have been where I'd be looking for it. So, that was kind of like this morning what I was looking at, why I was looking for something to do at all versus looking for the gap to be broken to the upside and find something bullish around that. That That's That was not That That was not the case this morning. So, uh we're in regular trading hours. Let's go into the chart trading hours. So, here we have the bit of business with all the lipstick on it. And I posted on X the executions, so you can actually watch how I was engaging all this stuff in here. And I'll tell you why this is first presented fair value gap and nothing like over here. This is 9:31's candle. Why isn't that the first presented fair value gap? I'll explain it to you in a moment, okay? So, we open on 9:30 here. We trade up to consequent encroachment of the regular trading hours opening range gap. And left nobody near it at all. Okay? So, we know that that gap was just here. See how it's the high and the low of that? When we have that, what I'm watching is I want to see if price can get back up to the low of regular trading hours opening range gap, but not Not only that, I'm looking to see if it can prove to me In other words, I'm doing a test laboratory experiment. Remember back in or in higher order science, where you'd have your little microscope and your petri dish and you're looking at everything trying to see what the reaction would be. Well, that's what I'm doing here. I want to see does price show a willingness to get above the consequent encroachment of that that wick. Cuz if it can lay a body at it or above it, then I'm probably wrong and they're probably going to want to continuously take it higher. Are we seeing that here? No. So, what is it indicating? It wants to most likely go lower. So, I want to see displacement lower. And it does. It shows it here. So, when this short-term low right there is taken here, the fair value gap prior to that displacement to the downside, why? Because 20% of the weekly range TGIF is in the cards. It's a potential, okay? And also Friday's consequent encroachment of regular trading hours. So, Friday morning's RTHORG, okay? The midpoint or consequent encroachment, that's also a factor. That's there That's right here. Okay? So, in my mind, up here, I want to see does it want to gravitate down to this today? But this is an afternoon target. This is something I cuz only because of the climate we're in. If we weren't in such a heavily manipulated thing where even our own administration in the White House is, you know, posting things that clearly even the average bear can determine that they're they're they're participating in it or they're at least facilitating the the end that it means, so that way people that are friends with them are are doing something. Obviously, it's it's obvious that it's going on. And again, instead of arguing about it and getting mad about it, Pelosi's been getting away with it for decades and all the other senators got in on the action. So, now that's why they're never going to do anything against insider trading. But if you and I were doing it, >> [laughter] >> it would be totally different, right? So, anyway, the draw is down here and I'm looking for indications that we're going to likely go lower. So, we took out that swing low there and the fair value gap that displaced lower right before that taken That's taken right there. I want to see this be treated as first presented fair value gap. But but we have to ring in the caveat that we're at all-time highs. There's a whole lot of tomfoolery. I'm going to allow it to trade back up to regular trading hours opening range gap for today. Cuz if it can go up to there, then it needs to show a willingness to stay in the lower half of this wick. Why? Why would I want to see that? Because if this is bearish and it's the high of the session inside the regular trading hours opening range gap, price should never like it didn't leave a body at or above consequent encroachment of that wick. Okay? This is a gap. This is how we interpret the wick. It's a premium gap. So, think of this as a inversion fair value gap. And price was below it and going up into that. And we are looking at this as inversion. So, let me let me put the color scheme on it so that way it looks a little bit familiar to you. And it'll make much more sense to you now when I show it to you like this. When we're looking at price and I always show an inversion fair value gap in this color. So, this is the color I use. So, if we're trading outside of it and then coming back up into it, would we expect it to trade to consequent encroachment of the of that inversion fair value gap? No. So, that's how we're interpreting or at least that's how I'm teaching you how I interpret these wicks. That the best case scenario for entry is going to be at the midpoint, which is consequent encroachment, to the low of that wick. Anything inside of that is useful for an entry looking for shorts. The first order business would be it needs to show no willingness to get up into consequent encroachment. Not even for a wick now, because we've already done the business over here. We left it. Now we're coming back up, so it needs to stay really, really low. And the bodies were just blunt ended, which is really nice. It just shows that they have no willingness to get in there. Now, I I already know some of you are thinking, "I'm not so sure I would take that." That's okay. That's not your model then. But for some of you that want to trade turtle soup or climax reversal patterns or trading near the highs when you're bearish, this is how I do it. And I'm executing with it. So, it's not like it's a you know, we're not draw We're not drawing the the hypothetical long or hypothetical short position boxes on TradingView. There's actually buttons being pushed, okay? So, if you understand what I'm I'm showcasing, you don't have to be taking a short here. You could wait for further confirmation that we're going to trade lower. And I drew out this fair value gap and I had it colored already as an inversion fair value gap, too. If you watch the execution videos on X this morning I posted. So, how you could use that is you may not have the conviction to want to get short here. And then once the once it starts to break down, that fair value gap right there, we would anticipate that becoming a premium fair value gap in the form of a buy side and balance sell side inefficiency changing to its inversion side. So, in other words, use it as a catalyst to get short. And then again, over here it uses it again. And I If I had the opportunity to be in this watching it, I would have shorted it as it got there or very, very soon after it did it. It was really quick when it happened, but I would have went in there and executed on that, too, but I just wasn't able to pull that off. I wasn't there. So, I'm going to take this box off and leave it as it was, okay? And then this small little gap in here, while it's very, very small, I was studying this while in the execution to see if this would afford me any further intel. It really wasn't all that helpful here, but it was something I was watching, um which kind of bodes the case for the gap needs to be a little bit more significant than small little separations like this. So, this is like a common gap. But eat Nonetheless, you know, whether I annotate it in an execution, whether I ever mention it in tape reading with you live, I I'm always looking at these small little gaps to see if it can just lend a little bit of more information. And you can see it really wasn't offering too much of of detail for that price action in here. And then the sell side here, minus sell side, then I gave another area here where it was a little too smooth, minus sell side. And then there over here. So, that was the the morning session objective for me. Okay? And if you watch the recording, I'm not sure if it can if you can see me doing it, but I I actually have my target the TP to you take profit was sitting right below here. And then I changed my mind after I had laid down a couple different uh buy limit orders to to take the majority of the trade off. I was thinking to myself, you know what? I'm I'm probably wrong. I'm probably wrong and they're probably going to want to take it down to Friday opening range gaps consequent encroachment. And I know that sounds like, "Oh, yeah, you're saying it now cuz it did it." But if you watch the recording, you actually see me take take the the take profit away and then I had just the limit orders here. So, which means that it would have done what? The the limit orders stacked between this low and this low here, they would have tripped and filled, but my position wouldn't be closed once we got below here. So, that would have afforded me a little bit more room to to capture a little bit more of a run. And then I I made a decision that I don't want to do that. I just don't trust it simply because there's so many things that I'm weighing out. Like you as a trader, we're trying to figure out where Trump's going to run his mouth next on social media. And what the geopolitical upheavals are actually doing over there and what what information can we trust? It's nothing. You nothing we can trust. So, not only do we have to be good at trading and timing the market, but we also have to be good at trying to forecast >> [laughter] >> when when they're going to be doing something, you know, like a you know, a a fraudster would do, right? Someone's in control of the of the casino game. So, that's the business uh for my objective this morning. I was looking for that and then the market showed a willingness to drop here. Going back up here, I spent a little bit of time adding more there because I felt that even if it were to retrace back here it wouldn't it wouldn't be a concern for me because this would be reasonable and if it did do it as it did it would need to do it with one little wick or event and then come back away from it and you see it did that very thing. But by doing that it created another wick there. So let me zoom in. And I know some of you are thinking this is really complicated. This was a very difficult day to to participate how I was participating. It was very difficult. It took a lot of focus. It took a lot of concentration. I doubted a lot of things that I was looking at in price. I was I was second-guessing a lot of things that were going on. So I want you to know that you see that recording and I'll I'll pull my executions up in a moment but you see all that stuff and you're thinking wow man, he was must he just must have been cool hand Luke today and I wasn't. I I wasn't at all. I I was second-guessing a lot of things. So it gets back to what I've been saying for weeks now that trading right now is a little bit more difficult than the average market environment. Even in my experience. It's a it's a lot more to you know, kind of like weigh out and you know, it takes more things for me to be convinced that I'm absolutely on side. So I'm constantly uh looking for feedback. I could have built this up a larger position today if it would have been a a less if it would have been a more favorable market environment. Not so much of the stuff we've been seeing lately with tweets and then the market exploding in the other direction and then research shows that there was a big build-up of positions, you know, one-sided on one a particular market and obviously you know who that is, right? So that's it's in the forefront of my mind constantly. So anyway, that wick here see it? I'm highlighting it there. We went up and hit that there and then sold off once more, created sell-side imbalance, buy-side inefficiency. The bodies are staying in the lower half here which is really good. You want to see that. And dives down. This one here this one here admittedly I was very thankful that I had took you know, a good portion of the position off because I was thinking maybe they're going to come back up and clean this up and then then drop and that would have stopped me from wanting to be participating at all the rest of the day. I'd be like, okay, I'm I'm I'm content. But it ran up into that inversion fair value gap one more time. Look at the look at the halfway point consequent encroachment. Boom and then where's the body? See that? So we opened, went right back up, failed to get to consequent encroachment. When you see that in your mind you got to be thinking, okay, it's got to get really heavy here and start selling off. And then it does that and it it smashes through another pool of liquidity. And this here if I would have kept the idea on by removing the the take profit just below that level here I could have captured a little bit more and it would have been this level here that I would have anchored to. And it went a little bit even further than that all the way down to Friday's look at the bodies. This is Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap consequent encroachment. I know it's a lot it's a whole lot of words out, right? But it's get it's half of the gap for Friday morning with regular trading hours. Okay, so the gap midpoint was traded to here perfectly and then we came all the way back up to pools of liquidity I was outlining this morning and then we've been hemming and hawing back here. And now we're back inside that inversion fair value gap that I gave you from electronic trading hours. Now with all that explained okay? When when you see me show executions like this I want you to remember that just like when I taught the new PD array, it's a defensive PD array. All of you are asking how am I managing my stop losses? Like how how am I doing this? There's some things I'm just never going to teach you that, okay? I'm not I'm I'm not going to teach everything as it regards to that because by me doing that then obviously the market in and of itself knows where my stop loss could potentially be because of the management style I would teach. But when I'm teaching a very specific PD array like the bolo it just when it appears in price action it's a point in which the market should not come back to that price point. Okay, it's not an entry. I'm not looking to try to take an entry in it. It's something that I can say, okay, as long as my stop is outside of that I'm completely comfortable. I feel confident. Not you know, not overconfident but I'm confident. So much so that I could walk away from the chart, go have something to eat, go leave the charts entirely and not be worried about it going there and and not and stopping me out. But if it does go there, it tells me I'm wrong about what I think may happen in terms of direction. You know, what I'm not going to look at that and okay, I got stopped out. Let me go back in like you watched me do last week. That's an indication that I'm wrong. I'm offside. So either it's going to consolidate or go the other direction. So it's not it's a point at which where if it trades to it I'm not looking to get back in with the same trade idea, okay? Cuz it will trip me up. That's why it's a bolo, okay? So anyway, I hope that makes sense. But I see people complaining, oh ICT and these are people that say they don't follow me or they don't look at my stuff anymore but they're complaining about the new PD array that I just taught and if you go on X you can see they're still following me. So it's like, what? Don't watch my stuff. Unfollow me. It don't make any sense. I wouldn't follow anybody I didn't learn anything from. Of course I don't follow anybody but Jesus but he don't next so the the executions, let's get into that now. So here's the business here. You can see all the executions happening. You Again, you can watch the video where it's actually actually going in and executing on the whole idea. And then eventually we use the inversion fair value gap here and I was building in as every time we were working towards the low end of that gap which is first presented. I I just felt confident that we weren't coming back up to regular trading hours opening range gap. And the only thing I had to concern myself with was maybe trading back to this. And if it does, it's okay. I'm not concerned about it. Having a stop at 26 806 3/4 or quarter whatever it was, that's not going to be a concern for me. It's not going to it's not going to stop me out. It's not going to be a you know, a point of concern. So not being overly concerned about it um it's perfect to see it in hindsight but that was the logic anyway cuz you watched me draw this out in the recording where this was already highlighted as inversion fair value gap anyway. And you can see I had all the sell-side liquidity pools here so obviously you know what I'm looking for because I'm you know, drawing your attention to sell-side. I'm pointing out where I think the market's going to go because I'm focusing there. I'm not drawing any buy-side out. So sell-side is what I'm looking for and everything I indicated so far during this lecture and I want to kind of like bring it to the end cuz it's getting too long. But um we ran one more time up into the first inversion fair value gap and I was able to put on right before we left it. Look right here, okay? See it right there? So in my mind I was I didn't get the opportunity to do it here cuz I would have and I would have had a little bit of heat on that. But the last candle I got in right there. Just one another single and it broke down and used this and if I took a partial simply because we went below the inversion fair value gap and below that low and that low. So these are this is minor sell-side. So when it did that, that was just like a a reward for enduring all this because it is it wasn't easy doing it this morning. I'm I'm going to be honest with you. It just wasn't easy trusting everything cuz of all the stuff we've been going through. So that's been done there and then we had a little retracement which I felt good about and then we broke lower once more below the inversion fair value gap and then we created another sell-side imbalance, buy-side inefficiency. And then here after multiple limit orders being filled Okay, you can see all them here. See that? Below this sell-side liquidity pool there. So you can take that off. And then back up the inversion fair value gap. Only because we were so close to where I took partials here. If this would have been say another 20 to 30 handles lower and then we retrace to that price point there I would have added them back. But because it's not so far away from where I exited you can take in partials, I don't feel comfortable re-entering the partials I took off because it makes no sense. Why did I take partials here just to get back in? I took them off here because I don't have the confidence at this moment to trust whether or not it's going to have a deeper retrace and come back for these areas over here. And if it did, I'm done for the day and I'd be stopped out in profit for whatever that range would have been. But here it's too close to where I took partials so I'm not going to add that. I'm not going to pyramid that. Okay? So when people are asking me, you know, why do you pyramid entry where you're at? Why wouldn't you do it here? Why wouldn't you do it that way? I just answered a question for about 30 people that even though you don't have that question or haven't came to that question yet and you think this is too much talking and get to the point. The point is is I'm answering dozens of questions when I'm talking. But it's simply not of interest to you because you didn't come up with the question. But the other people of these 2 million plus people that are watching this stuff they have questions. And I I do my best my humanly possible to answer the majority of them as they become important. I believe most of these things that are questioned to me or posing a question to me in X or or my comment section, the answers are actually in the content. So if you just go through the content, you'll get your answer. I'm not going to answer everybody's question because most of it's already been said, but things like I'm talking about here it's there's nothing in my lectures that talk about that. So that's why I'm bringing them up here. And it's your job when I say these things to write it down in your journal. Okay? And that way you have it. But the market real quick it dove down. And um you can see my exit was right below that there. And but it moved another hand 100 handles. So that would have been a whole lot more fun to get up below that that level there. And then eventually it went down to Friday's regular trading hours opening range gap consequent encroachment. Then and only then does it retrace and go back higher. So you can take these pools of liquidity off here. They're no They're no longer of interest to me for the rest of today. And then this is where we're at. Look at the reaction there. Like this is on on a very small time frame. Well, let's just do it. 15 second Well, let's go back up for I got to make sure it's it's uh has to show on the seconds chart. visibility seconds All right. So now when we drop in the 15 second chart Right, you're watching price on a 15 second time frame whether you choose to trade on it or not. You'll get all kinds of details about price action that would otherwise escape you. Like you wouldn't you wouldn't see it otherwise. And it's like little little pieces of of details or information that once you know what you're looking for and that being this is a PDA, right? Okay? And if you're looking for things to study you're not looking for like I I saw a couple of people I already muted a couple people on X, three of them total. Um they're like oh, there was a lot of really bad trades on those uh entry uh drills. It's a drill. It's to teach the people that are trying to learn how to do this to overcome fear. The outcome is not that that's not the point. It's the getting in. It's to get in, not to make money, okay? Look at the executions. Look at the stuff I'm talking about. That's where you want to see. Judge by that, okay? The tape reading where I'm telling you what it's going to do. Judge that, okay? It just proves that some of these people simply are not listening. When I set the the lecture up and say these are drills and I tell you these are not meant to be profitable. They're not meant to be feared as unprofitable. They're just get someone that has never done this at all how to get into practicing doing something in a chart. That's all it is. That's all that was. And people are so keyed up on being able to say look, ICT got it wrong there. Like I Like I'm I'm being honest and telling you what I did today and where it was very difficult for me. Like I have I have no problem telling you where my my frailty is. Okay? I have no problem doing that. It's beneficial for you to know these things. But the drill thing that's not that's not that's not trading. That's you getting in practicing doing entry drills to overcome fear. That was the Go back and watch the first few minutes of the of the series on Wednesday and Thursday. You'll you'll see it. You'll hear me say it. But you know, people take these little things and snip it out and make little captions of it and say look at it here's ICT can't trade. >> [laughter] >> Okay? So um price runs up to the high of that inversion fair value gap and it breaks down below it. Once you get that back down below and we leave the inversion fair value gap here, watch watch folks. We're leaving the low of it on this candlestick right there. That's the first candlestick on a 15 second time frame that closes below it. Then we retrace back up in. Does it get to the consequent encroachment? No. Okay? So if you're watching this on a 15 second time frame, you would see does it have a willingness to drop down and take out some easy little short-term low. That would be like here. Okay? And then you would also measure to see if it has a willingness to get down below here. If this can't trade up to the low of that, that's heaviness. So you would look for minor sell side here and a more significant sell side there. And that's how you would use what I was teaching last week on Wednesday and Thursday. Okay? So it's just a way for you to to do drills to to teach yourself to trust observing when there is something to to to key up on and enter on. You're not going to know in the beginning. You're not going to know if that's going to be a profitable trade. You have no way of knowing what that looks like cuz you've not done it enough. You don't have any sample data to suggest that you've been consistently finding the right ones. But in the beginning you have to give yourself the permission and freedom to do it wrong. And the reason why is because you're not expected to know it. And it's just social media is just cancer, you know? And when these people around the world look at this stuff whether it's my stuff or something else. It could be entirely something like my wife watches these Tik Toks uh accounts and some of these women they they raise like these miniature horses or miniature cows. And that has nothing to do with you right now. You're probably thinking what's this got to do with anything? What I'm making a point is is she complains to me. Like she literally gets her feelings hurt because people are trolling these people that are raising cows and horses or they do cooking things and the way these people come at them you know, I'm no I'm no exception to that. I mean, if you're popular, if you're bringing something to the world in a positive light Satan's going to show up. Okay? This is going to happen. And deprived mentality people that are just absolutely miserable, they want to get a rise out of you. And when I sport with them and I basically throw it right back in their face that look you're the one at your job complaining to me. Like you're you're doing that stuff. It just means that um you know, there's a character flaw that they have to overcome. Cuz none of the words you're going to say about me are ever going to change my lifestyle. I'm not going to lose sleep over it. What I get frustrated about is when people start off trying to do this and they let other people influence them to deter them from pursuing anymore. When they don't listen and I tell them in the beginning it's going to take you some time to get this. It's going to take you some time and effort. But once you get it, there's nothing better. There's nothing better. And this is that's where my frustration comes in when I see students quit. Because it's not it's not costing you anything. It's it's going to take time. And no matter what you study, it's going to require time. But there is nothing out there that's going to give you the visibility that my stuff will give you. And I'm not asking for anything for it except for your willingness to participate with effort. That's it. Don't You don't even have to thank me. But I will let's go back out to a daily drill real quick. Um M E S M E S M E S No, that's not it. M E S Okay, so M E S Um this one here See how far away we are on both instances? See that? I was I was listening to four of my students this morning on their live stream. Um one of them and I'm not going to say any names cuz I don't want to embarrass them, but they they know. And when I say this stuff, it's not me calling out a student to make them feel bad, okay? But I hear what you're saying or I watch something you post and I want to clarify something so that way you learn from what you don't know at that time. The reason why I traded with NQ even if I let's say I was trading S&P predominantly and I didn't trade NQ. Say I was trading um MES more times and I rarely ever touched NQ. If I was looking at MES and I saw this, what I showed you with MNQ would lead me to trust trading NQ over MES. Why? Cuz no matter what I do with toggling the adjustments for continuous contract we're still far away from the price information over here. So I can't do the same thing that I was able to showcase in the MNQ with October 30th high that premium wick. We we can't do that here. We're too far We're too far above it. So ES is stronger relatively speaking because of this this factor here. We're significantly higher than the previous all-time high. So then what do I do? You have to lend yourself to trust that NQ or MNQ is going to lead the market lower. It's going to provide the willingness to trust that it's going to you know, these averages should drop because of NQ being where it is. And while this is the strongest one strongest one now like it says in the Bible the first one you know, the first one now shall later be last. Well, that same premise is utilized here with measuring relative strength between correlated markets. So because they're positively correlated, that means generally when the stock market goes up, all three averages should agree. Dow should make a higher high when the NQ makes a higher high and the ES should make a higher high. But when we drop in a lower time frames like a 1-minute chart what I was doing is I was drawing and I think you see a flash of it in the recording. I was looking at how this was running up. It was really really strong and I was running levels underneath here for supposed diagonal support by retail traders and I was aiming for this pool of liquidity. And it went up a little bit more and then tanked, but it went for it and then it's left this. So I think this is interesting here. Uh they may not go for it today, but I like this because it's part of this low here. So this is a very significant pool of liquidity. If you're an MES trader, it's real hard not to have that as a objective to look look for. Um so it might be impactful this week. I'm not saying it needs to do it today or tomorrow, but just just keep this level here on the radar for this week because again, we're we're at all-time highs last Friday. Um we're we're still not too far away from that high. But if we start to really break down, if the setups perform in a way where it allows you to see sell off in building, this would be a really nice pool of liquidity to look for for a intraweek type scenario. You know, it's it's a good 20 handles or so. And that's not that's nothing to sneeze at when it comes to ES. But I think that's going to be it for today, folks. I hope you learned something from this. I hope it gives you a little bit of context to to frame how I trade all-time highs and when I'm able to do so, how I'm using it, what I'm looking for. Uh again, the secret is that continuous contract toggling it on and off and where we at in deference to uh previous all-time highs. And the one that has the price action that's close proximity to it, I'll focus my attention on that and then weigh out all the things that are pertinent across the other averages like for S&P, I want to see it break down um with NQ leading and then we can see MN Y I'm MYM rather. I apologize. And you can see this dirty hooker here was just unruly again today. So look at her. Look at this. Come on, man. That's like literally I I'm not going to go there. >> [laughter] >> This is why I don't trade down. Let's put it that way. And hopefully everything will be fine tomorrow when we resume. I'll do some tape reading with you tomorrow during the opening range. And unless uh the Lord does something otherwise, be safe and I'll talk to you then.
