================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: ICT 2026 Futures Market Review \ April 18, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nmjg331xGQ
================================================================================

All right, audio check here. I hear myself. All right, so I have a I have a couple minutes here. My wife went on a little errand. Apparently these little things called Nidos or something. They're like little squishy things. Uh she has friends that have kids that love those things, so she knows where they're selling them. So she's treating it like it's Christmas shopping, so she goes out and buys all of them. Don't hate her for it. She If she If she has an opportunity to do that kind of stuff, she'll buy everything. Um I always tell her to leave some just in case someone else wants to have it, but you know, she gets in a shopping mood and just gets them all. All right, so just a little bit of a review, okay? And uh this will be family-friendly, okay? This is just to prove I can turn on the character of Icy and turn him back off. So just full full on Mr. Rogers today, so if your kids are in shouting distance earshot, it's okay. No No superlatives, no sentence enhancers will be used here. I promise Skelt's honor. So we're looking at the daily chart of the Micro Nasdaq. And if you go back and listen to the Twitter Spaces and the lectures I posted on my YouTube channel. I went away the last few days of March and was gone during the Passover week. So, Resurrection week Sunday, I came home. So, before I went away, I mentioned how we would likely draw down into these relative equal lows and that consequent crushing that may act as a intraday reversal. So, I talked about it on this day here. It was Friday. It was a recording on the Saturday after. Okay, so you can find it on my YouTube channel. And I talk about how I would like to see it open up on Sunday and it opened up just a little bit above it, went down below it. And then the next day on Tuesday opened and traded down below my target. But, listen to the commentary that I was giving during the spaces and the trader round up spaces and the uh comments I gave in the lectures over charts. Okay? Um you as a community had the opportunity to hold my feet to the fire, okay? And you go and see if I did not tell you what you're looking at in the chart right now was going when I likely happen. Once it clears this down here, I said, "We're going into May. There's going to be a new Fed chair and things are probably going to get real wild, okay? You're going to start seeing a lot more freedom in price action. But, once we get these targets down here, I'm going to be away from the charts. But, if it starts to go higher and we get above this inversion fair value gap, it could start accelerating aggressively quick, sudden, real quick to go at these relative equal highs. Okay? That's the terminology I used. And that was a daily chart that was discussed over and while we were looking for these targets and more bearish to that degree it could have went lower but I said, "Just be careful because this could become a intraday reversal. Okay? Just look for this on an intraday basis. If if there's any evidence for that to you support a turn has occurred cuz I wasn't going to be around to talk to you about price action. Well, while I was gone, obviously that it started going higher, and then we were looking for levels that would support higher prices. And then aiming for these, and then we did things like toggling on the adjustment where it just finally made the target there. Okay, so that's where I got the 859 even by toggling this on like that, okay? But the analysis I was doing was set with it off. Go back and watch the last live stream recordings in the end of March. Okay, and you'll see the chart was set up just like this, okay? Cuz I wanted you to notice the real easy relative equal highs. And these levels were slightly closer in terms of proximity to market price versus what we're seeing over here. And a lot more range to get up to these in here. Look at the prices, you'll know what I'm talking about. >> [sighs] >> All right, so with that in mind, um we're going to go into a discussion on intraday prices. This was the all-time high. The highest one with the setting toggle on, and this was the lower high. Between this and this, you split that range in half, that's what this level is right here. So, that's event horizon. And you can see how we we traded there. So, let's go down into 1-minute chart. I got to be careful. I can't I can't get too comfortable, Mr. Rogers. Cuz once she comes in here, we got to escape. We got to go to more stores. I hate shopping like that. I don't I don't mind shopping for stuff I like, but I just don't like that frilly girl stuff or house stuff. I just I don't like it. It ain't me. So, I I'm going to counsel you to go through my tweets that were posted on Friday. Okay? I wasn't able to sign on to my YouTube channel and I've tried several times this morning and it finally connected. When I went into the studio portion where it it lets you start sinking whatever platform you use to stream to YouTube server. Uh the little red line just Do you ever watch Night Rider, the 80s show? The little thing in the front of his car that was like that light that would go sideways pulsing. Well, the top of the screen would just continuously keep doing that. It would never stop doing it. It would just keep doing that, doing that, doing that. And I got frustrated. So, I just went right to X. Okay? I could have gave up and said, you know, whatever and don't do nothing, but I want you to see I owed I owed you 3 days of of calling out price. So, the very first thing we do on price action is going into regular trading hours. Okay? We have several things going on here. You don't need that right now. Here's regular trading hours settlement price. There. And notice right here it's highlighting the opening price when I toggle that. Okay? You see that? That's consequent encroachment of regular trading hours opening range gap for Friday's trading. All right? This red line here is 823's low in electronic trading hours. We'll look at that in a moment. Okay? But I teach when we have a premium gap like this, you have to at least give the market the opportunity to give you evidence uh supporting analysis to suggest it might it might go down to at least half the gap. Okay? And that's consequent encroachment. That's this level here. Okay? Now, when we go over to elect I'm sorry, when we to uh Let me get this bit of business out of the way first cuz you're going to see a level that's that black line. Here's Thursday's high. Okay, so that's what that level is there. So, 26,563 quarter. That high is what I'm annotating. Then, I'm anchoring a fib from that high, this here, up to the draw that we were looking for, all-time high, 26,000 859 even. Okay? And I showed you by going to the daily chart, toggling uh contract rollover adjustment, toggling it on and off, you'll get varying degrees of higher highs or lower lows. And when when prices are trading at all-time highs or if they're trading at contract highs, I'm always using the continuous contract to look at highs or lows that you may not be seeing reflected in the front month or nearby contract. And that's what I was teaching this past week. So, clearly you can see this stuff works, okay? Um if you're not considering that, and I think the majority of people in trading aren't aware of that, so they don't know what to do. They have no idea what to do and how to find that information. So, I I showed it this week. I went through the the gambit of explaining all that stuff. Hopefully, it was help- helpful to most of you. I know some of you really were appreciative of it. But, the proof is that it worked, okay? The targets were hit this week. We had a gangbuster of a week, just wonderful, wonderful technicals um materialized. And hopefully, because we're now in that spring fling type of the a time of the year where price is going to get real nice. And then we go into summer months where that could become a 50/50. But, who knows what's going to happen, okay? Hopefully, we we stay with open uh lanes of traffic and price action where it's easy to see stuff, and we we only have a couple days a month with high resistance liquid run conditions. That would be wonderful, okay? So, I'm praying in Jesus name that that is what's given to us and gifted to us throughout the summer. And then another period of real high volume, really easy, low-hanging fruit price runs for the fall months. And then we go into the week uh before Thanksgiving and then I do my traditional bon voyage for the holidays. So, that's the schedule going forward and that's what I'm anticipating. I'm hoping that type of delivery in price. So, measuring that high from Thursday to the draw of all-time high, that's this level right here, okay? That's the 26,711 price level. So, that's event horizon between a Thursday high and draw on liquidity all-time high, okay? So, if you look at my tweets, okay? I had a couple people that are just simply wearing blinders, okay? They they literally cannot see what I'm doing because they want to see failure. They want to have something to talk about. So, I had a couple of them come in the comment section on X. And if you're going to be I guess daft and ignore what was clearly outlined, okay? And say that that wasn't called from the beginning, then I'm muting you, okay? Because like you're you're in strict denial, okay? And it's not even fun sporting with you, okay? So, I just want you to know that that's that's nonsense if you're saying it wasn't called. It you're it's nonsense if you you said that I wasn't bullish. Um everything about this was bullish, but the first few minutes we always do this, okay? When we open at 9:30, the likelihood of it drawing down to consequent encouragement of the regular trading hours opening range for Friday's trading. This is settlement price on Thursday at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time. Opening price regular trading hours Friday 9:30 Eastern time. Okay? So, this is the high at regular trading hours opening range gap and this is the low. Midpoint is here. Right there. So, at 26,574 and 3/4. Okay? So, that's Friday's opening range gaps midpoint. Okay? Very simple. That is even horizon. Now, when you go through and you look at my tweets, you'll see pick it up where I'm saying, "Are you watching?" I think it's a couple minutes after 9:00. I think Um I'm like look you know, I did a pre-recorded session doing our trade review so I wouldn't have to talk about that and go right into the live stream when it started, but YouTube monkeyed around with me and wouldn't let me do it. So, it is what it is. I went to X and started calling everything from X. So, the first tweet I said, "Okay, they they won't let me live stream, won't let me connect." So, the first tweet I'm talking about is I I said that 8:23's low. Okay? That's sell side and it's in close proximity to Friday's regular trading hours opening range gaps consequent encouragement or mid gap. Okay? So, there's 70% likelihood that price can trade down to that level in the first 30 minutes. Now, is 70% 100%? No. It's just it's a high degree of probability. So, that's the first tweet you'll see me do. And now, here's what I want you to do. Go through tweet by tweet. Copy the link on X for each individual tweet that I made. And then go to the chart on TradingView, a clean chart. And then simply right button on your mouse and then click paste. And that link that you paste over top of a chart in TradingView will link my actual post with the time and date on it. And then it'll put it right on the minute marker. If you're looking at a 1-minute chart, you'll see everything I'm saying in the order I said it. There's absolutely no way, zero way, you can interpret that as being bearish. Now, the first tweet was Here's consequent encroachment for people who know what that is. If they're waiting for me to confirm what their level is, that was me doing that. But I said, "It's a draw potential because there's a sell-side liquidity pool rates resting rate at 823's low." Now, if that's the draw, then you're going to be waiting for me to call out some kind of PD array that would warrant some participation lower. That's the whole point of tape reading, watching what PD arrays form. What tweet came after that one? Right here, you'll find talked about consequent encroachment on this minute marker right there. The very next candlestick, I said, "I like that run and grind up to 859." What was I talking about? What is it showing you here? What is the body doing? The body could not lay down on that upper quadrant. Open is not touching that, and we start running up. This is indic- indicating that it's likely to run for relative equal highs, and Excuse me. Pull up into that event horizon, which is 26,711. And you'll see me mention that, also. But the point is, once we got through that, I say, "The change in the state of delivery is this candlestick's opening price. That's what's being highlighted right here, okay? If I'm talking about that candlestick and the change in the state of delivery was on that candlestick this is not a change in the state of delivery down here. It's up here. And I'm talking about minor buy side levels and 26,711. All you have to do is go through those tweets, folks, and you will see absolutely there is no way, shape, or form bearish positioning was assumed at all. I started calling out PD arrays. Right after I seen this showed the body say, "No, I'm not going down to that quadrant." Okay, that means okay, this is probably going to be put on the on the back burner for now. Admittedly, what I was thinking was they were going to eventually take it up to 859 and then have a heavy sell-off because we went to all-time highs, sell-off, sell-off, sell-off, and then come down here in the PM session. And you know, obviously it wasn't doing that, but that was really in my in my head as far as what it could have done with it later on. But then anyway, we have minor buy side here and I mentioned these levels right in here. So, I talked about these highs being smooth minor buy side and then minor buy side here. Okay? And then once we drop down into here, this order block and I'm highlighting in in the entire range the midpoint, watch that dash line. The body comes right just above it, but this wick watch what happens, this wick comes right down and just touches the quadrant level right there and a little tiny little tick below it, but it doesn't touch the low of the order block. If you went through my paid mentorship lecture notes and teachings on the 2016-2017 playlist this is a rare occurrence. But it can happen. The bodies have to stay above mean threshold. Do you see how that logic has always been there? That has always been there. The same way with a down close candle going down into a lower down close candle, this is a propulsion block. Both of these candlesticks together a propulsion blocks rules are it cannot have a body go the mean threshold of the parent order block. Is that logic being shown here? Yes. Admittedly, this might be a little unsettling, but that's okay. Wait for it to happen. Just wait for it to happen. Then once it shows a willingness to get back up in the upper half now these two bodies here builds a barrier from there to consequent encroachment of that wick. So in between these two price points in here, we don't want to see anything there. No wicks, no bodies. And the price needs to show a willingness to go higher from there. Watch the order of the tweets. Go in order, okay? You'll I don't mention this fair value gap in honestly cuz I was trying to dial in. I was pissed off to be honest with you cuz YouTube wouldn't let me connect. So I was working through some little bit of emotion and also trying to make sure I was keeping everything germane to what was going on in price action. I call out 920's fair value gap and I say that that's going to be a a target. That's our first target. And mark, let me I haven't done what I'm supposed to do here. Hold on one second. Okay. So after that formed I'm confident that as long as we don't have any wicks go down below this body here, which is what? A rejection block. And the consequent encroachment of this wick. See that? From here to consequent encroachment of that. This is a PD array called a bolo. B O L O. You know what a bolo is? You know there's two two weights with a rope, you know, connecting the two. They swing it over their head and they throw it and it usually entangles the legs of of whoever they're throwing it at. That's what this is, okay? Uh-oh, new PD array. >> [laughter] >> He's just giving it away. Good gracious, he's just giving it away. Isn't that right? >> [laughter] >> It's mine, I can do whatever I want with it. So, when you have a rejection block and a lower wick, the consequent encroachment of that, between that right there, that is a defensive PD array. It means that you're not actually trading in it, you're just observing price with it. So, it's kind of like a line in the sand type thing. It's a defensive PD array. You do not want to see it touched. Treat it like a land mine because if it goes down or even with a wick touching it, you're probably going to get stopped out. So, you can save your stop and don't get stopped out. That's how you use it. Nothing extra, nothing more. See how simple that is? Very, very simple. So, right after this candlestick close, I know I'm trusting that PD array. The bolo is saying absolutely not because if I see it trade down there, I'm going to get my legs wrapped up with that bolo. And if I'm trying to run away for higher prices, I'm not going to be permitted to do it. I'll trip and fall. That's the logic behind it in case you want to know what the the the premise was and why that name came to it. So, we have me aggressively buying in here and you can see in the recording that I posted on X, that recording shows me entering you know, 1 2 3 4 5 6. And the reason why is because I didn't have it already preset with six contracts going in. And if I would have went out there and tried to change the one to a six, the whole time of me moving the mouse up there, then going over there and adding five more, then coming all the way back over here, it's just easier for me to keep hitting singles. 1 2 3 4 4 6 to put them on. So, it wasn't me using like a 5-second chart or when I saw somebody leave a comment asking about you know, what was the significance or reason why this kept going in with pushing a button on one contract just to save myself time. I wasn't worrying about you know, where the fills were on it because I'm worried about whether or not price gets down here. I'm not worried about where I'm getting filled at because we're in a long um distance from 859 still while we're down here and I don't need to be so precise. But, I call out this fair value gap here and I say that that is noted as an inversion fair value gap on my chart. And all you had to do is watch that recording. Everything I was posting, I was doing in my chart at the same time. I'm going long in here and look look at the price fill. See it? The average price fill is consequent encouragement of the inversion fair value gap right there. Watch it. See that right there? Little tiny little carrot showing that. And then I'm adding more here. So, inside this propulsion block. So, it's [clears throat] rallying and below the opening price. It rallies up and then comes right back down. And this is where I post in X and I say fill, p h i l dash dash dash, smiley face. All that was was the first sign of manual intervention. But, when it dropped down like that, it's going into this order block. See that? And it's inside of the inversion fair value gap. So, I'm trying to time that as it did it and it was very quick when it happened. But, I tapped off two of them and I'm just above average fill above the inversion fair value gap while that little raid happened. Okay? It's not going into my bolo. So, I'm not concerned about it. It's just I know what it I know what it was. I know what it is and it's fine. So, I'm going to take this little blue box off cuz it's getting too much lipstick and I'm trying to get my collar having anything on it before my weekend so they can question me, "What you been doing with that extra woman?" I'm not touching Dow, baby. I'm not touching her. Okay? I I got I got barriers, okay? I'm not I'm not letting her come over here. So, we're looking at this >> [laughter] >> Nasdaq, okay? Increased that little run here. And then the inversion fair value gap it's use it's using those levels and gradients and then it uses the high of it and it's also the um the next run to this target here, which is 920 fair value gap. That was our first target. So, it runs up. I did not call out this fair value gap. Okay? So, there's one discrepancy you're going to see and I don't think that's all that big of a deal, really. But, it rallies up and then finally, I take partials at the low of that fair value gap right there. I take a few of them off there. I take another one right off there. And then when it gets to the high of it, you'll see me tweet that partials have been taken and then another partial and a stop uh has been raised up. And I'm getting out right near the high with another partial. And you'll see me tweet that at the time they stand. Look at the Look at the time I'm making these executions and then the very next candle time 10:11 or something like that, you'll see me posting that just took that partial right there. Okay? But, you knew about this fair value gap down here. And then we wanted to see this gap, which was not highlighted in the traditional inversion fair value gap color like I have here. It was just a regular gray color, I think it was. I don't know the answer to it. Something like that. Um and I said I want to see it become an inversion fair value gap. And then I said that now my stop has been rolled to rest. And whenever I make an annotation about that in a chart, whenever I talk about that in a text or not text, but a tweet, or if I say it in live stream, if I say now my stop will rest here, that means for the duration of the trade until it would go to my target which would be 859. It will stay at the position uh where it is at the time. I'm not going to move it anymore. So, that was my intentions and I made it public. And I knew because we already saw Phil right here. He didn't He didn't know where my stop was then. He just thought he would get it. >> [laughter] >> Then I made it known here. Okay? It was actually right back here. I said it and then right here he came down and cleared out. And all of you that moved with me and put your stop loss there, you experienced what some people out there some people say that they don't target your stops. There is no they doing that, okay? And this was not the algorithm to correct the folks that are saying that. The algorithm did not do that. That is a manual intervention. That's a manned That's a manned response. That is a person targeting a run like that. That's not automation. That's That's not autonomous. That's not algorithmic. That is just simply going in there one single time just like that. You watched it happen. It was very fast. It was very sudden. And it was done and it stopped me out. And I said, "Now, do you see how they reached to clear all of your stops?" I killed the argument about they don't run for your stops. I just did it Friday live. I I just called it out and told you exactly what was going to happen. Why would Phil or whoever it is cuz I don't know his name, okay? Why would he wait for price to get up here and then he had to go real far all the way back down when he knows that I'm leaving my stop down here. When it's resting, I'm not going to trail it up. So, he would have to come back really really deep to some unknown um timing to get to it. Whereas right now we're so close to it, just do it and then start the run. And I that was that was the bait. And that's why I look I put that little vignette of a movie called Enter the Ninja, the first few minutes of that movie, um the American Ninja that's being trained, his his master's sitting up there waiting for him to complete the task. And then he removes his head. Okay, well that was me doing that proverbially to fill on Friday. Because I went into Shinobi mode, which means I'm not going to post what I'm doing. There's no reset. I didn't reset anything. Everything was still germane. This was the 9:20 fair value gap that I told you I want to see become inversion. I'm buying immediately after this stop hunt. My fill is right there at the high of the wick. See it? I'm going to endure all the way down into this fair value gap. Okay? I'm enduring that and I will add as it does it. Once it's in there, I'm going to add and I'm going to add more here because I think all of this is being supported that it's bullish. Here's consequent encroachment of that wick. Can't touch it here, can't touch it here. So what does that tell me order flow's doing? Still indicating it wants to go higher. Go long, more add on adding to it. No partials here because we've done it over here. So now because we're entering it again, it needs to get above it. And now because we stretched above this high, I'll take one off just for the cookie, that little reward, okay, that yellow belt. >> [laughter] >> So I took off a partial there and then it came down used the high of that inversion fair value gap as it should. Is it strong? You darn tootin' it is because it can't even touch consequent consequent >> [laughter] >> tongue twister consequent encroachment. So it doesn't touch that at all and the bodies don't even lay down on top of it. Is that bullish or is that bearish, folks? As I teach order flow, is that bullish or bearish? It's visual. See how easy that is? You don't have to go in there and look at it how many things were bought or sold at a particular price. There's no need to look inside of a candle. Okay? We're forecasting and seeing what the candle should do and what it shouldn't do. And we're basing the formation of that candlestick and how it's formed at key levels at key a key PD arrays. It tells us if we have a draw 8:59. If we have a draw then then we can use this information visually. It's user-friendly. It's the easiest thing you'd ever expect to have in terms of technical analysis because it can't hide from you. It can't hide from you. So, because I've already fortified a new long down here, I don't want to add to it here because then it would raise my average price of the long position higher. That's why I was fortifying a long here and down in here until we got above this high. Because then when we got above that high, I want to it really to show what it did here. Use that 9:20's fair value gap as an inversion fair value gap. And all the signatures that would indicate a strong utilization of an inversion fair value gap. This is the best way of seeing it. Okay? Doji, you want to AAA? This is a AAA. Okay? It can't touch consequent encroachment and the bodies don't even touch it there. That's a AAA. Everything else is just a normal inversion fair value gap. But when you see these types of things, that is it. That's the one. That's the one, baby. And it's the real one. So, it rolls up. And it takes out a minor buy-side liquidity pool, which is what I gave you also in a tweet when I mentioned the smooth highs here and then here in one tweet. When we cleared through that, I took another partial there. And then we got to this high and the draw on all-time high at 8:59. Measure those two levels from this level to there. That's this high here to 26,859 all-time high. Split that in half. That's event horizon. So, when we start getting to that level here, see what's happening? I'm I'm dumping them. As we're trading into that, I'm dumping it. And then I took one off and then it finally stopped me out. As soon as I took one off, then it came down and stopped me out. You can see that in the recording. And then it just meandered around in here. And I was in Traders Roundup uh podcast during this time. And then when it punched through, I told everybody, "Look, look what it did." Went above it. And then we had the market roll over, trade down. One more time, swept that, okay? And then went down into a deeper retracement to event horizon between the 859 level and Thursday's daily high. So, you tell me, folks, was that bearish yesterday? Was I bearish yesterday? I've been telling you where these things was going to go. Doesn't mean you can't watch price on intraday, but change in state of delivery is here. That means that's a down close candle. That's a bullish order block. I'm not I'm not selling a bearish down close candle when I'm looking for 859. Children. So, let's uh uh Give me a second. Let me let me text her and see where she's at still. See how much time I have. She's a couple minutes away. I'm just going to go until she comes in. So, uh let's take the uh the lipstick way. And everything. Now, if you were just simply looking at price like that, okay? You don't know anything that I taught about price action. Just look at look at price action like this. If you were just using that, it's pretty intimidating, isn't it? It's scary, isn't it? And there's so many people out there doing that. So many people that are plotting an overbought oversold or momentum indicator, or they're using floor pivot numbers and they're thinking this is all there is to it. And folks, it's it's it's another entire universe of information out there that I'm helping you tap into. And I I just want to say, thank you, Father, for giving me the opportunity to be the conduit to do that. I don't deserve it. I'm so thankful that you chose me, and I'm thankful that I have such a wonderful community that receives it in good kindness and appreciation. And I'm asking you to bless them in their own hands using it. I'm going to escape cuz I can hear it coming in now. So, I'm going to have a 3-day weekend. So, I won't be doing any live streaming on Monday, but I will be um barring any kind of technical difficulties, it shouldn't, but but if it does, you know, I'll go back to X again. But I'll talk to y'all on Tuesday calling live price action one way or the other. But Monday, it'll probably be just a review type thing, okay? Until then, be safe and enjoy your weekend.
