================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: ICT 2026 Entries & Drills Part 2 \ April 16, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eft9_3ekDCY
================================================================================

Good morning, folks. Happy Thursday. It is a good morning. So, we got a little bit of a sloppy range in here. I hear the old man talking now, so we're good. All right. So, uh if you haven't seen it, I just tweeted the uh the link to Tuesday evening's Asian session short. So, I I went through a little bit of details there. Uh I'm looking at how we have multiple attempts to go higher in here. And I liked the idea of this inversion fair value gap if it would have came out of it like it did here and then respected the lower half and not went up into the upper half. That would have been you know, a pretty easy run for that sell side. So, if you were looking at my tweets and had no idea what I was referring to, um I called out this low and like one, two, three, four, five highs jagged to the upside. And then we had uh this low, which I thought we could have hit that. We still might do it this morning. Um we're opening up with a premium gap. So, I think that's the liquidity if we go lower in uh opening range, the first 30 minutes of trading between 9:30 and 10:00. Uh but then we came out of that pretty strong and then we just used it now as a potential bullish fair value gap. And this one here since it's a down close candle, if we trade above it and find some support and get some kind of momentum above this, event horizon is halfway between this buy side liquidity pool and this buy side liquidity pool. So, that's what that was being talked about or discussed in the the tweets. So, what I have here is these are key levels that I'll carry into the opening range this morning. And we'll lay It'll lay the the groundwork for my initial observations. If we scroll down a little bit, you'll see this is regular trading hours opening range gap low. And we we arrive at that is I'm assuming, I mean, obviously tweets could come out from uh Trump and change everything real quick like that. But uh look for it to try to go higher here to take out that high based on what we're looking at. The uh regular trading hours This is 4:14 p.m. That's the settlement price. Okay, so since we're we're trading at a higher price than that right now, about 10 minutes away from the opening bell, 9:30, it's potentially the low of the regular trading hours opening range gap or just the the gap the gap opening, okay? And we frame that always on regular trading hours. Okay, so the the premise for this morning's stream and let me recap what yesterday's was. Yesterday was a pantomime of someone that's brand new that is trying to find a way with the stuff I'm teaching and you have zero education except for you heard me talk about going to price action and try to look for these things in price and study it and see if there's any rhyme or reason to what they do, what it feels like when you put the trade on, what it feels like for you to have a a connection to price action using it. And it'll you don't want to continuously do that. But as a beginning stage, you want to do it so that way you can find out what your your triggers are, what your impulses are, what your likely to fall victim to, how you're going to derail yourself, what you're going to fill your head up with toxic thinking, uh fear, greed, anxiety, uncertainty, all those types of things. All right. So, it looks like it's having a little bit of time getting out of this funk in here. Okay? So, we're in this little tiny little range. We're on a 1-minute chart. Let's go up to a 5-minute. Okay, we're inside of this suspension block. Okay, and down to 1 minute. So, we've explored several times in the upper half. Now, this gap here could return back to its original characteristic of uh bearish fair value gap. 70% probabilities are always that we will trade back down to consequent encroachment of the regular trading hours opening range gap. So, as we approach the first tick or the opening price at 9:30, what I'm trying to get a feel for is where we're at in close proximity to where we may open up and where the actual return to previous day's settlement on regular trading hours, which is this low, okay? This line here. So, there's 70% likelihood it's likely to draw in that direction, not not to get to the full gap closure. It can. Now, I'm just going to set my my levels up. So, this is what's going on usually behind the scenes where uh when I'm preparing to do all this stuff, usually just through tweets. I set my chart up like this. I don't use any kind of indicators to do. I'm sure there's a a probably a more efficient way. Somebody's probably going to make an indicator or whatnot to uh facilitate the opening price at 9:30, annotate that. And if the previous settlement at regular trading hours, 4:14 p.m. Eastern time, is lower, uh where the consequent encroachment would be, that's not exact cuz it we're we're waiting for the actual um opening price. So, when this candlestick closes, I'll show you what I'm I'm trying to do. Okay. Five more seconds and then we'll anchor to that candlestick's opening. Okay, so it would be like that. As soon as it opens, I would just drag it over to it and then I would be able to tweet and tell you consequent encroachment is 370 and 3/4, okay? So, devil's advocate say that this is the opening price. It's not. We still have about 5 and 1/2 minutes still to opening price or opening bell, rather. You just want to get an idea where that is. So, I always have it staged so that way I can just go over and drag it. That way it's easy for me to find it, okay? So, we have two pools of liquidity that would be in play if we go back down into the opening range gap. So, you have that sell side and that sell side. This one's higher probability cuz it's in close proximity to where we're trading at market now. So, it's going to be a wild and woolly one today. I just got a feeling. Making me earn my stripes today. So, anyway, the the premise is uh we're doing a proverbial time jump. So, the assumption is is the student has sat down for like 4 weeks and we've seen I'm going to I'm going to gray this out. So, that way whenever I'm drawing them real time in these lower time frames, I'll just mention the characteristic of it being bullish or bearish as we trade to them. It'll save me a lot of aggravation and confu- and confusion on your part while you're watching. Because it's very difficult to be able to do all these things, think about what I think's going to happen, articulate a a talking point around it, lead you to an expectation or anticipation of something unfolding, and then also worry about the colors and it's it's it's a lot. It's a lot to do. It's like It's like plate spinning. You're watching guys get on stage and they got these little dowel rods and they spin they spin China plates on top of them and they got to keep all of them spinning if, you know, if not, they'll one will fall and crash on the on the stage. That's what it's like annotating. That's why I don't bother doing it when I'm trading. I just look at and see okay, that's what I'm looking for. But for you as the viewer, the student, you're you're going to be best served by seeing what I'm actually looking at. But because we're on the lower time frames, it doesn't afford me a whole lot of time to to get everything communicated effectively and efficiently in terms of time. So, look how much time we're staying inside this range here, okay? Now, I'm going to force myself in the scenarios like I did yesterday, but I want you to know that while we're like this, this is something that tells you to wait, give the opening bell a chance, and then wait for first presented fair value gap. And if it doesn't start booking price where there's going to allow where it's going to allow a gap to form or else we start sharing the the ranges like this, the scenario would be just wait till 10:00. Now, I'm I'm going to try my best not to do that because I want to participate in front of you in this price action again because you're you're getting what you may not realize right now is an experience that you wouldn't have if you wouldn't participate in it or look at it, okay? So, I'm pantomiming 1 month's experience today. Okay, so the the idea or premise is the person that's been doing this has done I mean like this up. A little bit of tape reading and done some executions, and they get they got a feel for fair value gaps. They can see Sometimes they can see them, sometimes they don't. They're trying to put too much emphasis on every single one they they find. Uh they're struggling to find their draw on liquidity. And now because they've done a little bit more work and research, uh they're now they're going to incorporate the opening range. Okay, so opening range is already prepared now. And we're going to be looking for something that sets up the stage to draw towards the consequent encroachment. Something that would pull us into that gap. Regardless of whatever price action does from the opening bell, that the assumption is is the student has done enough research to see that yes, there's a lot of times that it wants to pull back down into half gap. So, there's they're shifting their focus to trying to do that predominantly in the morning and nothing really else. So, there's going to be other setups in here that I may refer to, but I'm going through the pantomime of and pantomime is me pretending to be something I'm not and you are a new student. And you may be one or two or three months into this, and you haven't really done what I showcased yesterday and what I'm doing now. If you haven't done this, this is what it looks like. This is what you're trying to do. And because I teach that at least 6 to 8 weeks you should be doing this before you even demo trade with the expectation that you're following a model cuz you don't even know what your your your model would be, right? So, by having a a a pursuit and aiming for something that statistical probability suggests that there is more times than not half of the gap that forms at opening bell at 9:30, if there is one, chances are 70% of the time it makes an attempt to trade to half gap. Now, it doesn't have to trade to half gap. Okay, for instance, half gap is here. If we were expecting it to trade and obviously we're away from that price to be able to make that happen, but let's devil's advocate for a moment before we Well, we are open now, aren't we? Okay, 9:30. Consequent encroachment is the low of that imbalance. Still like the idea of it going down for sell side here. I said I'll have that anchored right to it. Nope. You quit. Consequent encroachment real close to it already. This one here, if it can come back up and touch it, then it could act as inversion fair value gap and then send us into sell side here. Premium gap opening's up here at 9:30 opening price. And TradingView is delaying. I hit short, but it's not giving me the fill. So, I'm not going to move my mouse and you'll see that I can't even update a stop. I can't do anything to set a target. So, I'm in limbo. So, TradingView, get your [ __ ] together cuz I'm showcasing a real problem with your service. Murphy's law. There's the sell side coming in. And full gap closure would be welcome. Now, look at that terrible fill. All right. This would have never happened with your live real funds account broker, okay? They wouldn't do that to you. Let's just aim for a tick above full gap closure now and work with what we got. It is what it is. But I'm getting handicapped by TradingView. Oh, that's nice. Nice delay. It's horrible, isn't it, folks? It's horrible. So, anyway, inside this candlestick's body, go watch the live stream again. Nick, actually you can see I have DVR settings active right now, so you can scrub back and watch and I'll hit I hit this as we're inside of this candlestick and I'm aiming inside that body. That's what I'm I'm I'm aiming for that. So, my fill wouldn't be down here. And it's horrible. And I don't want to do this like I don't want to do the stream and just say we're going to hypothetically I can't stand that [ __ ] I can't stand saying, okay, we're going to hypothetically say we entered here. I don't want I don't want to do that. I want to enter like I want to put in the position and then show you where the stop would be, manage the target. But if if TradingView is going to lag like this, like this isn't isn't going to work like that. And I'm not going to draw that hypothetical long [ __ ] I already draw the rectangle and it's here's the risk and here's the reward type thing. I don't like that either. Just put the trade on, okay? That's how you do it. So, it's came back up to half of this buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency that I want to see it act as inversion. So, we come out hit that So far, that's positive. That's good. I want to see it real strong selling below that low. In other words, I want to see it get real heavy in here and work towards that sell side cuz it got real close to it there, but left it. I want them to smash through that now. Conspiracy, they don't want you to learn from me real time. You see that? The Matrix has got me. Come on now. Now, in this instance, when you look at like old retail stuff, I would like to see this perform as a Could I don't listen to this. I would like to see it perform as a bear flag. I would like to see that happen because we have unfinished business below that low with sell side, and we have a remaining portion of the gap. If we look at regular trading hours over here, that's the gap. Okay? So, we opened up here, took event horizon, broke aggressively. We're inside this high here. They could still come up here and swipe my stop and then still run down lower, and it would be just it would be fitting considering what we've already seen this morning with the horse [ __ ] with TradingView. I'm going to be honest with you, TradingView, pay attention, okay? I'm probably one of your biggest supporters. I'm probably one of the largest YouTubers that talks about your service. And I'm strongly considering leaving TradingView to go to NinjaTrader. Not because they solicited me, but because I'm sick of the [ __ ] TradingView, tighten up your ship. It's [ __ ] It's not It's lagging too much. And I paid I'm the highest tier premium paid. You give me nothing for free. So, if I'm paying for it and I'm getting [ __ ] service like this, I'm going to go somewhere else. I'm going to tell the whole world why I did it, and everybody's seeing why. Nobody should be experiencing this kind of lag so often. That's another reason why I don't want to do affiliate because you don't want me being honest. I'm going to be honest all the time. Just because you hand me a check, which I never received from anybody, you don't own me. So, my my feedback is organic. It's real. And if you [ __ ] up, I'm going to say this is some [ __ ] service. All right, so we finally got down to our sell side here, but I want to see it accelerate. I don't want that little toe beneath the water type stuff. I want it to smash down in there. Because we've seen that, you have to remove the cover cover the costs of the trade. So, it either now moves in my favor. Why? Because I had the the wrestling match and frustration because the platform didn't perform the function of me getting in. It was a delay and it gave me a [ __ ] fill. Real time with real money, you ain't going to get slipped that bad. But you're all here to watch it. You're seeing it happen. And I want to see it get real heavy and and wilt below aggressively and get down to that lower octant of the opening range gap, which is here. All right. If we can touch that same low and carry us into the lower octant level, that'll be sufficient enough. Stop out is just as fine. It's just as It's fine. The the um There you go. The the run to the sell side back up inside of this this can become a reclaimed bullish fair value gap. And then 466 could be in play. Even with a handicap, even with a handicap, you can't stop me, [ __ ] I'll create an alias and come out here in somebody else. I'll wear a mask and I'll use a voice modulator. I'll start a new a new YouTube channel and I'll still teach this [ __ ] You ain't stopping nobody, okay? You ain't stopping [ __ ] So, let's let's recap what we've already seen so far. We got up higher from yesterday's regular trading hours settlement price of 414. The gap closure is all the way down here. It still can do that where we're at. Came up into this and still performing as inversion. I'm going to remove this line cuz it's already fulfilled this function. Same thing there. So, now we have the lower octant and then the low or full gap closure. It's a full gap closure. So, again, the premise is we're looking for context around the opening range drawing towards that gap that forms. If we open up higher at 9:30 than where we settled at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time previous day, that sets the the bias bearish. We only want to look for shorts. We only want to look for something that will participate going lower. We can anchor off of an old fair value gap that's pre-session. We can use one that forms during the opening range. Uh this one here I tried to teach you not to use that one so much because there are times where it's it's favorable sometimes, but sometimes it's not. So, in this case, we used this over here, which is a pre-session fair value gap. So, what what does that mean? We're inside of the 7:00 to 9:30 opening. So, that's pre-market session time. And look how they're sharing the bodies in here. Okay, they're keeping it real real real tight. That's fill. >> [laughter] >> So, I'm trading against TradingView's [ __ ] that can't even put uh execution on. There's so much of a delay. I get slipped. It goes where I want it to go, but I can't even move my stop. I can't I can't do anything. And you're watching it happen live stream. And then I got this [ __ ] over there keeping price in a tight range and sharing the body. So, it takes superhero like uh nimbleness to be able to do this, folks. I want you to appreciate that. All right. So, we have not had an opportunity to get to the lower octant and we're back inside this here. So, I would expect them to challenge this high now. So, our focus is minor buy side here. Minor buy side liquidity. And needs to be on the top left. Very good. Very good. Now, I'm going to remove or invent horizon line simply because this is it's too much going on on the chart. I want to keep everything easy to follow. And here's the opening price at 9:30. That's always a price level that can be re- uh retraded to, retested, uh rebooked, repriced to, uh revisited, however you however you want to say it. Um we we opened here and left it. So, that's always a likelihood that it can come back up there. Mhm. Full gap closure's in here. And now, if we accelerate to the downside through full gap closure, then we can start running Let's see here. If we break below opening range gap low, this level here. Okay. We've traded a lot higher each day. You know, we had week and a half of straight up movement on the daily chart violently trading higher. So, anything that would see us work towards a a little bit of a retracement, it's actually healthy to see that cuz we've cleared all-time highs on um ES and NQ, we've traded it above depending upon what what you're looking at in terms of continuous contract and the adjustment, uh we traded to um a a significant premium buy side. So, a measurement of retracement lower absolutely welcomed. It's It's something that would be healthy for it. And altogether, you know, the the the the possibility of it working lower anyway because it could be a short-term or intermediate-term high forming because of how far we went to up higher. Mhm. So, both sides of the equation looking for lower prices this morning was the was the ticket. Now, in a perfect world, why is that like that? The um the market can make an attempt to get up into this inefficiency that is the 9:30 gap, but if it comes back up into there and then folds over aggressively and takes out that low, I think we'll have a down closed day. I'm going to remove this one. Don't need it. Look how again the bodies are sharing all of this. Same range. It's just consolidating in here. The lower octant, the bodies didn't touch it. The week through it. So, any animation above this high here challenges three 9:30 opening price. Anything above 9:30 takes us to 466 buy side. Take a peek at MES real quick. Look at this lag. Good grief, man. All right. That's a little sloppy. Watch this for MES. This could act as an inversion fair value gap right here. Be mindful of that if you're if you're looking at that index. Let's look at this hocker. Look at that. So, you have again some decoupling. Dow trying to go higher. Trying to earn a John. And then NQ not showing that willingness. So, again, decoupling. Anchoring on the idea just looking for it to trade back in the opening range gap. And let me annotate that. Opening range gap high is here. Let me know on X or leave a comment if you have uh dealt with TradingView's lagging. And has it been more than a few times or is it something you consistently encounter? Especially during the opening range. Like Listen, okay? [laughter] There there isn't that many people, okay? There isn't that many people that would cause this to lag that bad. Okay, if you have a vested interest in giving your customers an experience that's worth keeping them, uh you'll correct it. Tell you when I'm trading through AMP, um it's very very quick fills, but I have had delays that I'm absolutely 100% certain that was attributed because of the portal through TradingView. And that's it's a bit of frustration. And one might look at that and say, "Oh, well, you know, it's the it's the broker that did it to you." No. Mhm. Not when you have such glaring evidence that shows that the platform in public eye, you know, it's it's a a huge lag. And I get it, it's a popular uh platform, but you know, people are paying for a service, and if the service isn't rendering what what they're there for, they're going to go somewhere else. And I'm no different. TradingView's rubbing their fists together like We're going to We're going to reel in ICT. It's going to be He's going to bring all kinds of people to our platform. Look at this. This is This is a mess. Risk like this, I don't feel confident taking any kind of entry position because we have unfinished business with the the gap closure. Could do that. We're so high up after 9 days of up close on the daily chart. You know, we could see a down close day just because of that in and of itself. But there's nothing in here to key off of a short one just because we're likely to take the full gap closure. It could still do that, yeah. But for me to put a stop on, I'd have to be about this high. And if I were making the market, I'd run that high before I took it lower. That's just me. Let's wait from the beginning. What have we What have we seen? We opened and traded straight down. And all of this in here, this is disorganization. There's nothing in here that I can frame a an execution or enter on. So, what do you do? You sit still. You wait. There's minor buy side rate this high here. Okay, there. And I'm going to take this one off. Try to get some of this on the chart cleaned up. If it wanted to take that full gap closure down here, it needs to do it right now and not come back above this high. So, this high would be the line in the sand for the bears. And they would need to see this thing go through that low and accelerate. And with the market action that is here, it needs to go to it and through it now based on all of this pausing. Once it takes this low, should it do it? If it takes this low out on a closing basis, not just the wick below it, this wick right here becomes a point of interest where the consequent encroachment will rough eyeball it like right in here. Right in here. That would be the new line in the sand for the bears. So, we would want to see the body stay below that. During the uh trader's round up uh portion after yesterday's live stream, I was annotating while I was listening to other students and callers that came in, had conversations. There we go. Run lower. So, this midpoint in here, I'll annotate that cuz the bodies would need to stay below that. The only level I'm interested in looking at is the 50 level. Annotating consequent encroachment of that. So, the bodies need to stay below this level right here. Okay? I'm going to remove the octants and quadrants on the opening range gap. And for a second so you can see that level. Drew a projection down to some of the .05 level. I want Okay. Add back all of it. Control Z to the rescue. There we are. So, what I did earlier, uh pulled this line up. If you see Look at this price point right there. When I highlight over top of that, you'll see that 9:30 opening price is highlighted and then right here. So, that's the opening range gap. And this is a projection measuring that on your fib negative 0.5, that'll give you a standard deviation measurement that you can use for projections using like when the when it fills the gap, where can it go to next? Okay? What happens is is once we breach that opening range gap, say in other words, we gapped higher, we created the gap. It's a premium gap. It's likely to trade down to fill it. But what happens when it takes its uh retracement all the way to the low of the gap and then goes through it? Where do you Where do you aim for? Well, I run measurements like this, and I'll have the whole entire opening range gap. Take that off for a second. Highlighting that, you can see what I'm measuring. This negative .5 level you just watched happen, okay? That right there, that's an algorithmic run utilizing the opening price at 9:30 and whatever the regular trading hours opening range gap low is. When we gap higher, know what that range is, and then toggle negative 0.5. And what that'll do, it'll give you a projection outside of that uh that gap where you can aim for. They're not going to stop me. Okay? They might [ __ ] with me out here while I'm here live, but they're not going to stop me from teaching you this [ __ ] Too late, [ __ ] We got We got to stop him. He could They're like "Look, look, get in contact with TradingView. Tell him to [ __ ] with his account." What are you going to do, huh? You'll give up before I do, [ __ ] All right, so we had a nice little run there, and that would be satisfying if I would have been able to stay inside of the short cuz I would have wanted to build another pyramided entry with a lower entry. But, you know, it is what it is. Lower price is what we were looking for. Um focusing on the gap, looking for it to trade to sell side, to accelerate to the downside. I got screwed up with the the slippage and delay by TradingView, so I couldn't get my position on, and it just went wonky from there. So, you're going to have problems that creep in. You're going to have things that go wrong that's going to upset you. It's going to distract you. Um you'll do it wrong, whatever. The wonderful thing is is these concepts, these principles will repeat. There's nothing to get upset about and think, "Oh, it's never going to work again." It will. It will work again. But don't let that short-term frustration derail you and think that, you know, I'm never going to be able to do this. Clearly, you know, you can see what I'm aiming for. I'm I'm discussing it. But I want to have something to uh anchor an an entry on when I'm when I'm trying to enter it, not wait 30 seconds, 40 seconds before it fills me. That's that's, you know, that's what I'm looking for. If it was a broker doing that, you would you would leave them immediately. But it's not broker-related. It's platform-based. >> [clears throat] >> So, while we were in here, I was giving you my internal dialogue speaking out loud. So, the things I'm I'm not letting myself think silently to myself. I'm speaking as I'm feeling it. So, all the internal dialogue that were in here, you know, it needed to do certain things. When it was hemming and hawing in here, minor buyside could have been in play. I would have rather them had hit that. Used a little bit of a mohawk above this this gap here. Like do something like that again. But take out that high. That would have been something that would have been nice to see it drop off there. And then put a short on. But they just rolled it over here and then we were watching. I said, "Okay, it needs to do it now. It needs to trade lower if it wants that full gap closure." But I don't want it to go just a full gap closure. Go back and use the DVR side. Go back and you'll hear me talk this. I want to see it trade to it and through it. And I gave you the level down here to aim for. So, you'll you'll find none of this in Wyckoff. You'll You'll find no other goober out there that maybe's alive or died a long time ago. None of their archaic uh technical analysis concepts yield to this information. So, that's that's something for you to tuck away in your little study journal. Because when you see these guys out there say it's being rebranded, uh no, it's not. So, back to regular trading hours opening range gap low, which would be this level right here. That's that's permissible here. And I'm going to stay with you to see if it'll do that. If it's still If this continuously runs lower, yeah, then I'll probably break the stream and just say, you know, we're we'll be back at it again in the morning. But whereas the contrast was yesterday, I was pantomiming someone that's brand new. You're not trying to be directionally correct. You're not trying to know where the actual draw is all the time. You're just looking for very simple little runs to to practice in and get a baseline evaluation of what it does when you're really watching it with a with a framework. A fair value gap entry, then a draw on liquidity, and then whatever you risk, put the same measure of uh of a target and vice versa. So, it's like a one for one model. Over time, when you really know what you're doing, you can trade with one to one and make lots of money. The problem is is the standard misnomer is if you trade with one to one, you're going to you're going to fail to be profitable. And that is absolutely true when you are dealing with someone that's not educated. They don't have an education in in price action. They don't have a education in in participating in price, studying it, engaging with it. Yeah, chances are you you're going to be wrong more times than you're right. So, one to one would obviously be a recipe for disaster. But someone that's more skilled, that knows what they're looking for, that has the ability to read price action more correctly over a larger sample size of of the executions, a one to one will allow them to be profitable. So, you don't don't fall into the victim of this risk to reward horse [ __ ] Because once you know how to trade and you know how to read price action, you can make money. You can replace your job and that measure of income with a one to one model. It absolutely can happen. But you have to prevent yourself from overtrading. And in the beginning, when you first start like yesterday, don't be fearful of what would be considered overtrading. The The point is is you want to do this for the first week, four four weeks or so, at least the first month. And you want to have lots of executions. Because that desensitizes you to the outcome. You don't care about the outcome of every individual transaction. Bear with me one second. Let the pups in. So, in the beginning, with the first four weeks, you're going to do what was being showcased yesterday. Is you just want to be a part of the moves. And then over time, you'll learn what the ones that showed a a run in price, where they really show a a good showing, where it really takes off in your favor. You want to study in contrast that versus the ones that don't pan out. And that's what I was finding when I first started being led to look at this stuff. You know, look here, look here. I was forced to do that. It wasn't that I just woke up one day and I I could see easily. I had to go through the the minutia of looking at every individual transaction, every individual opportunity for me to engage with price action, to do these things, and pull away from that the experience and weigh out what I saw that had validation, that was um I guess a qualified setup. By contrast, certain things would repeat, but the ones that would pan out and run in my favor, they they wouldn't show a lot of the characteristics that I was discovering in the ones that would fail. And when I started filtering out some premise around a bias that was a little bit more than just where's the next little short-term high, next short-term low. In the beginning, do that. So, when I'm talking today, don't think to yourself, "Okay, well, I'm going to save myself four weeks and I'm just going to do what he says today." That's what every failed student of mine does. I'm going to say it again. Every single person that comes to me and they look for the shortcut way, they are [ __ ] failing. Guaranteed they're going to fail. I don't care. They can show you a payout. Show me how much you paid into it and how much you if you wasted. Okay? All you're trying to do is put a band-aid on on a a gaping wound to to nurture yourself. You want the public to see something they don't even know about anyway. Failed students are the ones that look for shortcuts. You cannot shortcut your way to success or understanding. You can't do it, folks. You can't pay for it. There's nobody out there that's going to teach it to you faster and better. You can't get around this. You have to do it. Period. I promise you. I promise you. And I'm willing to put this on the line. I will personally train somebody, personally, one on one. You find the best teacher out there, okay? Find the best teacher and I will bring my [ __ ] cousin who wants to trade right now. He doesn't know my [ __ ] and he doesn't know anybody else's [ __ ] And you can teach that person. Okay? You can teach that person. And I will randomly pick somebody on a [ __ ] live stream, okay? And I will find them personally, train them, and I will beat your [ __ ] ass in terms of teaching them how to be profitable in any timeframe. A week-long teaching, one-day teaching, a month teaching, I will make them [ __ ] an animal. Okay? You want a different kind of challenge? There you go, Mr. Mentors. I will create a [ __ ] Frankenstein. But they won't do that either. They won't do that either. Cuz they can't afford to fail against the demo baller. And that's that was one of the beautiful things I did when I first started this. I'm going to make you all [ __ ] yourself and you're afraid to do anything against me because if you do lose to me, the internet will never let you live it down. And that's why I'm laughing all the time. Cuz it's win-win no matter what. If you don't step, I'm winning. If you step, you're going to you're going to be vanquished. And then once I vanquish you, it's not going to be enough. The internet's going to drag you through the coals the rest of your whole time. You'll have to change your identity and go out there and do it. You'll have to reinvent yourself. That's why nobody does it. That's why. They can't afford that to happenstance. I might get lucky. And they would never be able to talk themselves out of that. So, anyway, I don't even know how I got on that subject, but uh the point is in the beginning, do lots of executions. Desensitize yourself to the outcome. But over that four-week time, when you go through your examples and your participation, when you see that, you want to filter out things that worked well and look for the things that were a part of those moves that were not a part of the others. And I'm not talking in some kind of um parable there. It's obvious things that I teach you on this YouTube channel, in the live streams, in the tape reading sessions. Like all the things I was talking about back here. When it was running down like this, I it would need to do it now. And it needs to go to the low the opening range gap, but not just go there and stop. It needs to go to it and through it. Down to this Look at the Look at the reaction off of this. You know, what is this? Tell me Tell me what that's based on. What school of thought calls that retracement back to where we're at now? Think, folks. Now we're at the uh intermediate hours opening range gap low. Think. There's a rhyme and reason as to what these markets are doing. I can have things in front of me, little obstacles, little barriers, little gremlins that creep in here, but this [ __ ] still working. It's still working. Once you get about 4 weeks of experience doing lots of executions, and you've spent time going through the winning opportunities versus the ones that didn't pan out. The ones that have a positive outcome, they are going to have signatures around that entry that's going to support the ideal as to why it worked. You may not have noticed it at the time, but by studying each one when you're done doing your session, you may not be able to do it right away. Say Say you have a busy schedule, you know, you got to get to work, got to get the university or whatever. The kids, you got to take care of them if you're a housewife or a homebody. Whatever that is, when you get time to go back to it before you do your next session of, you know, practicing executions, you want to go through each one and study them meticulously and look for things that repeat in the winning ones because they're going It's going to be there. It That stuff's going to be there. What stuff? Everything I talk about why I think think price is going to go up or down. When I'm calling individual candlesticks, when I'm talking about why price should behave a certain way, and I wouldn't want to see it do this, but I would like to see it do that. If it does this, it would be more impactful for the idea that I'm looking at. If it does this, then I'm not so much interested in anymore. Okay? That's if-then logic. And if you're trading, regardless of what you're trading with, you're already doing that. If it moves against me 10 more points, it ain't hit my stop, but I'm going to get out of this. If this thing goes a little bit more, I'm going to add to my position. You already are doing these things. But I I see emails to me that they're like, "You're complicating this stuff. If-then, if this like Okay. Think about it. You do it when you wake up in the morning. Do I want to go to work? If I don't go to work, I'm not going to make enough money to pay my bills. Then I better get my ass to work. >> [laughter] >> It's the same [ __ ] every day, okay? But you have to You have to make this something that you enjoy doing. If you turn this into something that's arduous and just monotonous and it's a chore, the money won't be enough for you to stay involved to learn it. It It It won't be enough inspiration to keep you there. So, you have to find a way to make it enjoyable. Okay? So, look at it as a pastime, as a hobby. In the beginning, the first weeks, you're looking at not trying to make money, you're trying to find your way in price action. Okay? Like a crossword puzzle or a word search. Okay? I love word searches. Because it's me looking for something in a bunch of chaos, a whole bunch of letters all over the page, and I don't even look at the word list yet. I turn the page and I look at it, and my eye jumps to words immediately. Because I'm I'm aware of what I'm doing. I'm looking for words. So, my subconscious knows, "Okay, we're looking for words." As soon as I see two or three letters together, bang, my my my eye jumps to a letter. And then I do that entire thing until I can't see anymore, and then I turn to the list. That's a wonderful practice session that's not using trading, but you're still building your observation skills. Word searches, simple as that. I go through books of them all the time. I'm always ordering them off of Amazon. I go through them, bang, through a whole week. I buy the real big ones, okay? 200-page ones, stuff like that. And I burn through them quick because it's It keeps your mental uh muscles tight. It It keeps you You dialed in and focusing. So, now you would measure the difference between Make sure I got the right level here. Yeah. That's consequent encroachment. This is consequent encroachment on that wick. So, now because it did this, it can come back to consequent encroachment of that wick there, but that's not going to be staying on the chart. Always allow allow for return back to consequent encroachment of the opening range gap. That's this level right here. Okay? So, by having a a list of things that you like, and I got to be careful I don't want to go over my my time. The uh the importance of finding what has shown in terms of characteristics in the winning transactions versus the losing transactions in your first 4 weeks, you'll get a baseline of these are things I like to see for a setup. And then because you were watching the lectures for 4 weeks probably, you should have, you see me talking about this opening range gap. And then how 70% likelihood is going to go to half gap or consequent encroachment. And then seeing 20 20 days worth of that information and seeing how it delivers more times than it doesn't, that changes the perspective on the new student to then I'm going to only look for shorts in premium gaps in the first 30 minutes of trading. I'm going to aim for the half gap, and best-case scenario would be 3/4 gap closure or full gap closure. And the next lesson would be is knowing based by doing those things for the next two to four weeks of doing that, then you learn things like I described and showed you real time today of measuring that opening range gap and then getting projections outside of that gap that takes you down to this. But it's not the low. It went a little bit lower than that. Man, get the [ __ ] out of here. >> [laughter] >> In this kind of market, I'm I'm pleased with that. But you're going to find many times the body will be right on that level or just above it, and the wick might go just just a tad bit below it, and then you'll have this type of price action. And you'll never find that in anybody else's [ __ ] Somebody right now is doing an AI book. I I guarantee you. They're taking my videos, and they're doing AI summaries of them, and they're throwing them on Amazon. Okay? And that's what they're doing. And that isn't going to be enough. That's not going to be enough. But it's not taught in any other school of thought, no other no other thought process or rhyme or reason, new methodology, no previous mentor whether they're alive or dead, never taught you that. Okay? It's not there. The logic as to why it would be there, um everything I went over with today. But here we are, back to consequent encroachment of the opening range gap. So, now it becomes a 50/50. So, two things happen. If you're contrarian, you look for this down here to pull up into this that we first target, and then your terminus would be just below because it's reaching up to it, just below consequent encroachment. And that would be your You're done. You're done for the session, not not for the day, okay? Because you want to observe and study during the lunchtime, the lunch macro, then you want to study the PM session. Whether you're able to do it live or not, the more you pour into this, the better you're going to get. But pouring yourself into watching price action with the proper context, with parameters and boundaries. I'm only interested if it does this. This is what I'm looking for it to do versus staring at the chart aimlessly, not knowing what to expect, and you feel like I got to do something. I feel like I'm wasting my time. If you are doing that, you are wasting your time. You have to go in and with very specific measurements looking for the reaction around price in time, and then the delivery of price post time. The time that you're focusing, it needs to be important. The first 30 minutes of trading, highly highly important. That's the opening range. Not 15-minute opening range, not the orb everybody's talking about. 5-minute orb. It's It's [ __ ] 30 minutes, folks. Okay? It's 30 minutes. That first 30 minutes is going to give you the rhyme and reason for the entire morning session, and if you know how to do the daily range calculations, it'll give you the full daily range. And we'll get into that before we close all of our teachings for 2026. But for now, I think this is going to be it for today. Okay? I wrestled TradingView's horse [ __ ] Uh I wanted to be short. Uh they didn't give me the the entry. I had to wait too long for it to fill me, and it was garbage. And then uh here's here's where we're at. I gave you the the objective what we were looking for. We were looking for lower prices trading back down into the gap. Um I gave you the projection cuz I told you I wanted to see it not just go to the the low of the gap, but I want to see it trade through it and trade down into a negative 0.5 standard deviation of the opening range gap. And you tell me if this is worthwhile to you or not seeing it live and explained to you. It isn't perfect as as other instances where I've done things, but I promise you, in cleaner markets where we're not seeing all the the the garbage that we're seeing right now, there's a whole lot of stuff going on. Lots and lots of stuff. There's manual intervention happening all the time, and that's what all this is. Okay? All this is fill. Okay? And And finally running to where I outlined it could reach to. And it for some reason it couldn't find its way any lower than that before it went back to consequent encroachment on the opening range gap. All those things were explained to you real time. Okay? All of that was there. So, over time, I'm not saying you'll be able to see that, but that's what you would be looking for. These things that tend to repeat around the 4-week mark where you have a little bit more structure to what you're looking for. You're not just going into the chart and saying, "Okay, I'm just going to look for something and it's going to jump off the chart." No, it won't. Cuz you have to have You have to activate your reticular activating system. And that's like when you buy your car, and you know, all of a sudden you see your car, everybody's driving your car. They didn't buy the car cuz you bought it. You have now a heightened interest in it. So, you're looking for it. Even subconsciously, you're looking for it cuz you love your car. Well, you have to love doing this, folks. If you don't love doing price action and reading price action, I guarantee you I promise you I swear to you in the name of Jesus Christ, you will fail at this. Period. No matter who teaches you, no matter what you use as a methodology, no matter what indicator you use, whatever strategy, it doesn't matter. If you don't love getting into these price action um n- n- nooks and crannies and trying to determine why it's doing what it's doing cuz there's a rhyme and a reason why it's doing it. Why Why did this get called out and why did it pull back to the consequent encroachment level and why is it dropping there? Because I've seen tens of thousands of instances where this has happened across all markets. Not just indices. 34 years experience, November 5th this year. That's what you're listening to. And it takes a great deal of effort on my part to try to condense that and distill it down into usable information without sounding like or feeling like you're drinking from a fire hose. So, we'll see if it wants to come back down and take this. It could create a down close day today, okay? And if it accelerates below this, we'll probably see it wilt into the lunch hours even lower. And that's going to be it for today. I hope you learned something. I hope it inspired you. I hope it doesn't discourage you because of the the technical difficulties TradingView brought on today. Uh we're going to We're going to give them another chance tomorrow and we'll see what happens. Until I talk to you later on, be safe.
