================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: ICT 2026 Entries & Drills \ April 15, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KASpfAd1MnI
================================================================================

Okay, good morning, folks. How are you? Hope you're doing well. It is a good morning. I'm not hearing myself yet, so just give me a second here. There he is. There he is. >> [laughter] >> The old man. All right, in case you didn't hear me, it is a good morning. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome. So, obviously, Phil did his uh best to give me a bunch of crap to work with this morning. But, it's okay. This is a good This is a good practice session. This is good for you to to see what drills can do for you. It's like leg day today, okay? So, that way you know going in. What's leg day? It's the day everybody hates when they're going to work out. >> [laughter] >> All right, so uh just give you the lay of the land here for the housekeeping portion of it today. Uh you're going to see the buttons being pushed today, okay? Um I'm going to be entering with the premise that I'm teaching you how you're going to graduate into Let's assume for a moment that you you got to the point where you have tape read. You have watched price action. You've studied. You've looked for models. I'm watching these relative equal highs over here. Up to consequent encroachment that wick. That's what I'm looking for a run there. Off of yesterday's regular trading hours of previous day settlement. And there you go. It runs like that. So, that you're you're going to see a lot of these types of little small little little drills, little exercises to look for and how to participate in that, okay? So, already I want to know how many of you are excited? >> [laughter] >> How many of you are excited? Some of you are here like, "Ah, he's going to he's going to lose trades and we're going to talk about it forever." Okay? Um I want you to and there's the consequent encroachment it traded to. There. Okay? So, this type of setup from here to consequent encroachment here. So, let me let me put that on. Do it like that, so that you could see it. Okay, so there's consequent encroachment. So, everything I annotate over here on the 1-minute chart and we'll we'll go up towards the end of the stream, but I want to just focus on small little fluctuations based on the 1-minute chart and then how you can practice using a sub 1-minute chart. That means we're using a 15-second chart. Now, some of you might think, "Oh my goodness, this is scary. I don't want to do anything with this." Well, [clears throat] if you're looking to get better at overcoming fear, if you're looking for a way to practice entry models, okay? Um today we're going to work with fair value gaps. Tomorrow I'll do order blocks. And then we'll mix it up on Friday, okay? But, the main takeaway is what you're seeing me do today, please don't take these as trade entries for you to put on your funded accounts. Do not try to copy them for your live account trading. If you're here to do that, I promise you I'm going to hurt you. Okay? I'm going to hurt you. Because I'm going to put you in situations where we're going to look at something that may look like anybody else's opinion. It looks like a fair value gap. And I'm going to show you how to weather entry problems. Where Where do we look for entries in these concepts of mine? How do we you implement the demo, okay, the paper trading account because I'm not licensed to give you trading advice. Look at the the disclaimer, the risk disclaimer in the description of this live stream and below it. Very, very important. So, we're going to look at how you can go in on a day-by-day basis in between trades. Okay, if you feel like you want to do something and you've already made profit, the worst thing you can do is go back in the market and trade. Go into demo and practice. Go in and do drills. If you don't feel well, like for for instance, I don't feel well. You probably heard it last night in the the live stream. What I ate at that Greek restaurant did not agree with me. So, um I'm a little tore up about it. So, let's just put it that way. I'm uncomfortable, but I'm going to I'm going to endure it for all of you. I said I was going to be out here, you know, live streaming today. So, no excuses. But, I want you to think about how, say for instance, 10 to 15 handles. Okay? So, that's a really good small low-hanging fruit objective to look for when using sub 1-minute time frames and using the ranges, the liquidity, the inefficiencies all derive simply from the 1-minute time frame. Now, what we're going to do is we're going to watch the opening like we normally do. And this is where we settled yesterday on regular trading hours. So, that's this price right here. Okay? So, at 4:14 p.m. Eastern time, that closing price is regular trading hours opening range gap. At the moment, it's settlement, but it can be actually changed to regular trading hours opening range gap low. Okay. And then let's go back in electronic trading hours. Obviously, we're not trying to uh imply too much in here, but we have a small little gap forming in 9 seconds, 8 seconds. We'll have the opening bell. Okay. So, this wick we worked into the upper half here. Relative equal lows there. So, there's a minor sell-side on the 15-second time frame and over here on the 1-minute chart. You can see them as well. What you want to do is you want to look for opportunities for you to engage. Not trying You're not trying to make money. You're not trying to you know, have a highlight reel for social media. You're just simply looking for something to engage with to get accustomed to the watching price action. Maybe it moves if in your favor. Maybe it moves against you. You got to get that baseline foundation of experience. And don't be afraid. There's nothing to be afraid of. I'm watching the midpoint. Consequent encroachment this wick. See if we can stave that off. It might just run right on down and take those relative equal lows and that'll give me a gap. I see opening regular trading hours opening range gap high. Okay, so it's 9:30 opening price. So far no gaps to work with. So if you have nothing to work on, you sit still. This is all part of it. Knowing what you're looking for. If there's nothing in the chart, don't force it. Get accustomed to seeing your setups, anticipating them, but not trying to get in ahead of them. So, right under here is a small little pool of sell side. I'm looking for just small little 10 handle, 15 handle max, just to get in there and participate in something. What a place this morning, isn't it? Feels like, come on boy, step out here. I got something for your ass today. It's all right, it's good. That's to punish me for last night's Asian session. I'll I'll review that in brief fashion uh towards the end. If I don't remember to do it during the live stream, like if we get long-winded in this one, cuz I want to end this one at 10:15. So that gives me less than an hour time, and then we'll we'll be good. And if I don't do the review, I'll do it you know, as part of today's overall review. I'd say want to give it a little bit more lift. I don't like the fact they left these sell stops in here, even though we did we came down into this and gave an order block. We have the buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency. I just I don't see that as something that I would have went long on. So it it could revisit this area down here. It's In other words, this could be just them engineering more sell stops. Trying to get people to chase it long. See if it what happens if we take out this high here. See if there's any give back into the range from around above this high and then quick sudden movement lower. The way the day is technically already, and looking at it from the 1-minute here, this is a day where you really would not be wanting to do any live trading with real money, but this is perfect conditions for you to practice in, so that way you can get accustomed to looking at difficult high resistance liquidity run conditions. Incorporating those as practice sessions is one of the best things you can do for your development. All right, we have a little bit of a gap here. I'll watch that. And so we have a market that has now relative equal highs. And they're high probability because this one's lower than that one. And we have the same scenario on the opposite side of the range with sell side. Okay? So either one of these could be played. And either way, if I enter on this, it could blow out either side. So it's like bait. >> [laughter] >> And so we're part of an overall bullish move. We've been bullish for last 7 days all of closed candles. We opened, we traded down, left sell side. We rallied without taking sell side here. And we're inside this smaller inefficiency, which a little too far for me here. It's sloppy. This one here. Look at this and see right here. I'm close. Relative equal highs. We opened, traded lower in here. That's going to be It's going to be very difficult for me to talk about this over the 15-second time frame. I'm just going to have to just do it and then kind of like between the between the next one, talk about what I did and why I did it. It's not going to It's not going to permit me to have a whole lot of discussion points before I can do it. All right, so relative equal highs have been taken. We're pushed up into the high of that wick on the 1-minute chart time frame. So now we're going to see if there's any give back, if it wants to come back inside the range. We have sell side here and here. When you're practicing and looking for setups or entries, I say that I mean not really so much setups, but you're trying to desensitize yourself to taking trades inside of fair value gaps. You're trying to remove the desire to being correct. You don't care about being right. You're not trying to make money. Just like going to the gym. You're doing to be doing repetitions watching when the fair value gap forms and then entering it, putting a stop loss on, and we're using a one-for-one model. Okay, so using one micro. Whatever I'm looking for in terms of the the run or the target off of the fair value gap. 10 minimum, no more than 15. All right, so we have relative equal highs. We created short-term high and now we just took out that high. If this is wanting to pull back into the range at all, it would need to do it here. Otherwise, it's probably going to just continue going higher and 26 300s are the next upside for MNQ using continuous contract. On 1-minute, we don't have anything in terms of an actual fair value gap. Nothing since the opening. We just have a whole lot of ranges sharing their previous candles range. Like all of this in here is back and forth. That's not a low resistance liquidity run condition. All right, so I'm going to take these levels off that wick. It's no longer important for me. Buy side level over there that we had. Annotated there. I'm going to manage to pull off two or three of these types of drills we're going to do per hour for the length I'm not going to be here for hours today, okay? But uh 15 minutes after 10:00, you will we'll close the session. And what I'll try my best to to put two or three of them on. And then what you're going to do is use that as a suggestion on how you can practice putting yourself in and getting a baseline. And you're going to also going to record how you felt, too. If you felt scared, if you felt nervous. All right, I want to see it get down below this wick consequent encroachment. It's already setting up with If it could do that in closing basis and and don't come back all the way up to this low. And they just did it. >> [laughter] >> I wanted to see a I wanted to see room for a gap to be there that that I could short into and look for a run into that down there. So, that's really really really sloppy. But, if you hide from these days, like if you don't want to do anything with them, you won't learn how to recognize when the market shifts from what looks like it's low probability I'm sorry, low resistance and high probability where it transitions from that into lesser degree of probability. All right, so we have relative equal highs, high, higher high, folded lower. A wick in here it was unable to get into the consequent encroachment of that. Oh, Phil's keeping fair value gaps off the chart today. Come on now. All right, this this could be a reclaimed bearish fair value gap. So, it would look like this usually when it's drawn on the chart. Watch the 9:30 opening price and this level here. Use the volume imbalance there. Man, it's really unruly this morning. Want something in this wick in this little portion of that sell side imbalance buy side inefficiency. >> [laughter] >> There you go. Um it's one-on-one today, me against Phil. If you got the slide, I'm not going to be able to find it cuz you're going to move it around too fast for me. And that just sounds like me talking to myself, but trust me, there's a guy listening. We don't go for your stops. Surely they don't. All right, so this there's a little bit of sell side still remaining in here. Like this run here. Above this gap here. Above it with the bodies. Utilizing that as a potential inversion fair value could challenge that high. Look at how much ground this covered in 15 seconds. Okay, so it moved a good bit just in 15 seconds. I'm going to be fast market this morning. Not going anywhere really, but it's fast. Unforgiving. You need to get in as it's going into a level immediately and gives you nearly no time to give you any kind of commentary about it. I'm watching this level now. Inversion. Giving it a chance to come back down and wick into that 9:30 opening price. It's so close to just inside that the wick and how we're wicking around this morning. It could hit that and then still utilize that as inversion fair value gap. Yeah, looks like it's going to run off. Where it's at now, I wouldn't want to see it come back down to that at all. That would be uncomfortable if I was like say if I was already long, coming back down to that, I would not want to be a part of that. So, it would need to just start running from here. Uh this is a volume imbalance silver bullet. Low. See if he could be a 42. There you go. Now, it used this level as an inversion fair value gap. The body stayed out of it. Ran up small little gap in here with the volume imbalance. Testing to see if he can get to this high here. That's a simple little drill. It's not about being right or wrong. You're in there engaging. The logic is we've already taken a run on sell side here. We ripped through it. We're back above 9:30 opening price. We have a sell side imbalance buy side inefficiency. We traded above here. The body showed initial support. If it comes down and stops out, it's just one transaction that you have experience with. That's it. It's not about being right or wrong. It's not a trade signal, so please don't copy it. You're just looking at this in a very very sloppy unorganized market condition this morning. Practice in these conditions because you will pick up the signatures that cause problematic trading in other instances. And you can't can't learn that from a book. You can't listen to a a Twitter space by me or someone else lecturing on it. You got to be in here doing it. Look at the one-minute chart and how really sloppy that is. Very very very messy. Very messy. Forcing yourself to engage in these conditions in a demo, in a paper trading account, that way it can't hurt you. You can't get excited if it works in your favor. It's just a matter of you submitting to an idea and getting the baseline experience from from taking it. It's not it's not like a trophy win and it's not a it's not a mortal wound if it doesn't work out in your favor. And you're you're conditioning yourself to do that while practicing and doing drills. Drills are simply looking for small little participations in price action with no monetary hope of making money and no fear of losing. These are things you're going to do in private. You're not trying to show off to people. You're not trying to, you know, sweet talk your wife or your husband say, "Look, you know, this is my proof that I'm going to eventually make money." It's just for you to condition yourself to be a participant in price action using something, some kind of criteria. It doesn't have to be my stuff. Like if you want to use other methodologies, there's nothing wrong with applying the same logic to that as well. In fact, that's the best thing you can do because then what you're going to do is you're going to desensitize yourself to the outcome. If you continuously do this even when you are profitable and you're consistently using a model that you like, once you've gotten to the point where you're able to find profitability, by continuously working out this muscle of indifference, it means the outcome is not imperative. It's not important. You don't need it to be right. You don't care. None of this matters as an outcome. It's just one transaction. When you start migrating into eventually deciding on your own if you ever decide to trade with real money and take on real risk the same things you're going to consider while you're taking these types of trades, the same logic is the outcome is you're indifferent to it. You don't care. It should have stopped out, but it it's not running out the stop yet. That should have stopped out. Oh. It is not actually It's not executing. So, for fairness, I'm going to close it because that would have stopped out. That would have absolutely stopped out. So, let's keep things germane and honest. Came down, stopped out. The body stayed in the upper half. So, everything's still go. This could act as an inversion here. So, as long as we don't take out these highs trading back down into this candlestick's low same scenario. If it says it could it could have a little bit more protraction to the upside. Like it to me yet. That's close to it. Now, I would want to see it continuously run a little bit more because over here, even though it's sloppy I like to see it try to make a little bit more meaningful run above this instead of just like a small wick like it's done. Very challenging conditions this morning. If you're practicing in these types of settings and you're brand new being frustrated, don't be. This is what you like this is leg day. If you can start seeing these types of conditions when you're looking at the trade and you're looking at a chart and you're trying to make money whether you're using a funded account or if you're looking at trading live one second. We can up uh problematic price action. If that would have been a little bit bigger, I would have I would have been shorting there. It's too It's too small. He's never said that. So, I would have rather seen it continuously run once we got above this high, all this in here. Coming back inside the range I'm not I'm not interested in that. So, this here we have this small little imbalance there. Can find our way down below it. Let me add that midpoint on that. We have several times he made these little highs in this area here, high, high, high, high. If we get below this imbalance there and then you got as an inversion fair value gap we could then enter in and try to see if we can get return back to to the consequent coercion of the regular trading hours opening range gap. So, it would be like this. I don't like this. Freaking magnet thing. I was trying to use one of the guys told me he said if you hold down shift, it'll override the magnet in it. It's uh I think it's control, not not shift. This So you got consequent coercion should we use this as an inversion fair value gap? The longer it stays like this the the harder this is going to be for me today. Going below this once it has a body outside or below that candlestick's high I'd be [clears throat] willing to take a shot and see if we can get into that early trading hours opening range gap high again. So, we're value at 9:30's price. Not gap. It's just It's just fair value. We're just ranging in here, not not really doing too much. I hope you appreciate me closing that position because I could have let it go to that that there and it would have looked like it panned out and the stop would have gotten stopped out. But, for some reason sometimes the TradingView's little paper trading account thing, it just doesn't want to listen. Your limit orders and and stuff don't work sometimes. Not a good selling point when one of the largest people that use your stuff is live streaming with it. >> [laughter] >> Got some work to do there, buddy. All right. So, we have a gap in here. We traded down. I would have rather seen it go into that a little bit better. And what we'll do is we'll use consequent coercion as a stop. Looking for continuation. We don't care about the outcome. So, buy side fair value gap, trading down into it. You're just trying to put yourself in front of the market and then submitting to what out outcome comes. You don't care again. You don't It's not about making money. It's you're brand new. You haven't been placing orders. You've been tape reading. You just want to participate. And if you're really trying to be good, you want to participate in hard market conditions. When you're doing it in very difficult or choppy, range bound, lethargic, just messy markets when you participate in them you actually record things subconsciously in your mind about the the difficulty of how price was unable to run a particular way or not. And those are skills you can't learn from a book. I can't talk to you and and and convince you because of a a lecture or a rant. You just got to submit to it. Be part of it, basically. And that real world experience will give you things that you can't learn from somebody, not even a a mentor. Like you got to be out here doing it. And in the beginning, it's scary. And if you have a whole lot of I guess expectations heaped on yourself you know, that's unfortunate. But, you end up making yourself feel like you got to do more than what's necessary. In the beginning, you don't know anything. Like you don't know anything at all. So, by demanding that it does a whole lot of things, then see that that should have filled, too. TradingView, you're dropping the ball today. >> [laughter] >> You're dropping the ball. Let's see if she can run up here one more time. If I was filled, I'd rake this thing all the way down below 9:30 opening. >> [laughter] >> Just because I'm out here doing it. That's what I would do. But, you can you can screenshot that. Like say you're say you're doing it with with TradingView and they're and it's [clears throat] glitching. It's not letting your orders fill. Screenshot it. So, that way you you saw that it went there and be content with that. Okay? Just like this one here where it went down and stopped out the the trade I was in. I'm going to close it cuz it's not fair for that not to have been closing. Look at even trying to close they won't let it out. There you go. They got me have $3. That's not real. That's fake. You're a scammer, ICT. Yeah, I'm about it. So the stop didn't let me get stopped out which should have been a a losing position there and the win didn't stop didn't limit out, which would have been a positive. So, it would have overcome each one. So, it's one for one. No matter how you slice it you're you're you're watching it. Okay? >> [clears throat] >> I want to short it here with this fair value gap. Midpoint of that would be right about there. And you say to me, "All right, I'm going to make like I wouldn't be doing this right now. I wouldn't be I wouldn't be I wouldn't be doing anything." Well, then you you're not going to be as good as you could be if you force yourself to involve in this type of price action. Now, this looks to me, admittedly, this looks like it wants to just keep trying to stop out those that are trying to go short. Notice what they're doing. They They keep pushing Well, let me just talk about it over here on the 1-minute chart. 9:30 opening price, we had this high lower high, so then we have relative equal highs. It ran that. Then came down, cleaned up some sell side, and then went back above 9:30's opening price. This high had buy side above it, it ran above it. This high had buy side above it, it ran above it. So, I would have demanded, really, if I was long, I would be wanting to see this run. It should It shouldn't be stalling like this. It should be just continuously running. And the fact that it's not doing that, that would be a little concerning for me if I was long. So, I'd be looking to take some of those positions long off in partials. So, like now we have a higher high, there should be no give back at all now. It should just be to start running. And when the problem when the market creates that problematic stutter, it doesn't want to run any faster, it just just takes out the high a little bit and doesn't do much after that, that to me is a little bit suspect. So, if you'll permit me, I just want to go through MES real quick and see if I can compare Look at that. Major decoupling. So, E-mini S&P is not where we're at here on Nasdaq. So, that's heavy manipulation. MYM, let's see what this hooker's doing. It's completely left the building. Elvis has left the building. Okay? So, this is all stop stop stop stop stop on shorting. MNQ, back here. All right, so let's let's look at this. All right, so we have this small little gap right here, but go to the left, what do you have? You got this big premium wick. So, half of that is where we're trading at now. So, I'll take that and I'll put a stop at the high and I'll see if I can get a run back down below sell side and back into that gap right here, plus one tick. Again, get decoupled markets, absolutely crazy manipulation, no real no continuation. Phil has it right now, my head's on the block. He can He can run up here and just rip it higher and bring all the other averages in in in sync, but it's okay. It's It's okay if it happens. But you want to participate. You want to be in these things to to see what it feels like to be in there. The other averages are lower. This average just takes taken slightly higher highs, slightly higher highs, slightly higher highs. So, if you want to condition yourself to become a a false breakout trader, a turtle soup type trader, um this is the practice that you do. And you have to get in here and just step in front of it. And don't be afraid of it. Just get in there and participate. Let the outcome be whatever it's going to be, you don't care. You're indifferent to it. Participating when the market's hard will make trading in easy market conditions It's going to be like a cakewalk. It feels so much easier because you've done hard high resistance liquidity run conditions and you're not carrying over that dependency on being right or I have to make money. Because you've conditioned yourself doing these drills where you're just practicing. You're just looking for a price movement to support an idea or negate an idea and being content with it. Now, let's let's play devil's advocate and say it runs to stop out. Looking at where the entry was down to the low, this candlestick's low, comes in at 57. So, it's it's close to uh the 15 handle run that we would be looking for. So, if it got stopped out, you would cheerlead yourself in your study journal and say, "It yielded as much as that much on on the trade." And then you would record what your drawdown was. And you do this for every single one you I'm I'm sorry. I I should have had these on. I'm trading executions. Sorry about that, folks. I just didn't want to have a whole lot of clutter on the chart, so if you don't mind, I'm going to take them off as you can see them here. We'll put them back on when we when we close the session out. We only got a couple more minutes left. If you'll permit me, we'll do that review on Asia's example last night. Yeah, at the end of the day when I do my 5:00 or might be 4:00 today when I do the review. Now, I would like to see See how we have this sell side imbalance buy side efficiency here? And then we have a uh Yeah, so did I say that right? Sell side imbalance buy side inefficiency or sibi and then bisi right here. That's a balanced price range. So, if it wants to go lower to take that sell side and revisit this gap here, all of these wicks in here are showing that willingness to to stave off higher prices. I'd like to see a sharp run below that low right here and then dig into that rejection block there. That would be constructive for the idea that I'm looking at right now. There you go. It one little wick down here. So, it went down to what looks like consequent encroachment there. So, when you see these, okay, when this happens, you want to see the very next candle show a willingness to get down to its midpoint and close below it. You want to see that cuz otherwise this is problematic for continuation. Looking at on the 1-minute chart over here, allow that the the candlestick the opportunity to do so. You can take the the stop, roll it down to a position where if it stops you out, it's not a losing trade, it covers commissions. So, painless. So, got that sell side, took out the rejection block. You would look at that low and say, "Okay, this is the 26,050 even level." And from the entry, it yielded as much as Where we at here? So, 72, that's 22 and a quarter. So, 22 and a quarter handles of that run. And it didn't get to that objective I was looking for. It didn't take out the sell side, but it did get to the rejection block here and what looks like the consequent encroachment of that wick. Now, we're back in an area where it literally could go either direction. But we have a couple more minutes left, so I'll stay with it. When the market's allowed to move, cuz it's not being permitted to move right now. Everything I've I've entered off of would have yielded 10 to 15 handles easily. Just with static volatility price action fluctuations in of itself by itself. No no demand on a specific model, just normal volatility would it yield would yield that. All right. This little gap in here, I'm not going to draw it out, but I'm going to look at that as a potential inversion fair value gap. Stop above the high. And again, we'll just look for it to get down to that gap. It should have stopped out. That should have stopped out. Okay, as a real stop out. So, again, you're going to measure the length of time that you're in a trade, the drawdown you took, is this if it was a full stop. Did it yield anything at all during the trade at all? You record all of that. Now, watching these types of things happen, especially when you're brand new, it seems counterintuitive, it seems counterproductive, but remember, everything in every other approach to trading, you're going to be doing these same things. You're going to try to use whatever that you're trying to trade with, and it you're not going to get what you want from it. You're not going to walk out there on your first day trading, your first week of trading, and start making lots of money. But, if you have a way of measuring when the market's difficult versus when it's easy, all the other methodologies out there, I've never been satisfied with an opportunity for them to define what makes their model strong or not. They all have their opinions, but usually it's always attributed to it after the fact or in All right, I'm going to see if we can get it one more time in here. Let me take these things off. I didn't want to do that. These little annotations, we'll bring them back. I think any I think ES I think it's going to try to take its its high. MMY we have it's dead. This sucker's drunk. And then we have MNQ. So, it wants its high. Started the stream around 20 21 minutes after 9. So, if I go to 10:20, that still puts me underneath an hour. All right, so we had higher high formed. MES It should really start stretching his legs here and running. It shouldn't even return back to this high. There's the high coming. Watch this little gap right here. I don't think this body's or close or whatever that is. Not about the money, not about the points. MNQ MES So, we witnessed a run above its that six Sorry, it's sick sister. So, when this was running up, it was below that high, whereas in MNQ was just steady making higher highs. This would need to really show defense on the bulls. Giving up this on the 1-minute chart after we've taken this >> [sighs] >> is problematic [clears throat] if you're long. MNQ So, now because we had MES, it made its higher high on the morning. And it doesn't have to agree exactly with the the measurement of or magnitude of the run up in MNQ or Nasdaq. The fact that we went to a higher high intraday is all that's necessary. So, now if NQ breaks down, that was the leader. So, if this one starts to break down and then uses that as an inversion fair value gap, remember this is a 1-minute chart uh gap. Then, it could use the run down here, and this can pull back into the range. So, sick sister was allowed to get up to it. Then, any sell-side can can be engaged at that point. The decoupling goes away, basically is what I'm saying, for the near term. MNQ Excuse me. So, volume imbalance right there, and the consequent encroachment. So, both of those levels could be wicked to. You booger. Okay, volume imbalance just shy of consequent encroachment. Don't want to see that. You want to see the bodies stay out of that. Put in here. That would be the last line of defense. So, if we can get through that, like this. Close candle, so it's a busy inversion. Trades to it as long as it stays outside this upper half, this could be the catalyst to to see it roll and fold over and take that. If it takes this high out, then I'm going to close this session and the results are as they are. Very, very challenging morning. You know we knew going in basically as I was indicating that's a sloppy very sloppy market condition. But if it's going to be a sloppy day and I've already said I was going to come out here and show you how to do drills with it. Drills are not live trading with real money. It's you getting out here and tasting this and feeling what it feels like to be in it. If you're feeling frustrated like I don't want to do this, or if you're complaining, or if you think the algorithms changed, >> [laughter] >> it you're you're trying to run in mud, no matter what you're trading with. It's going to be it's going to be hard, okay? And that's just a a reality. You know, everybody that's been trading for a while, what's a while? Uh, 2 years. And they've traded with real money, if they're honest, they'll tell you it's not been so easy to to get their their trades off. It's a lot of slop that we're trading through. All right, well, it needs to keep it needs to really rip higher now. And if it can't do that, we're going to be seeing a the rest of the day be extremely ugly. So, it's now made a higher high again after having a nice little retracement down in. This should go right into 26,300s. If it doesn't, then yeah, it is what it is. I I wouldn't I wouldn't want to be uh participating in it at this point here. We're back inside the range again. That shouldn't be happening. It should be exploding to the upside if it's bullish. If you're really bullish and it's organic, this this isn't going to be a a failure swing. But if it is a failure swing, it could drop very fast to take these lows out here. Look how relatively equal they are. That's what I'm talking about. That's what it should be doing. That's exactly what it should be doing. Taking that high out, it should have continued and not not just stop there, Phil. Keep going with it. Don't be stingy with it. Let's see. Yes, participate in that. Yes. And let's see what this hooker's doing. She's still drunk. Yeah, she's literally laid out on the floor. The MNQ. All right. Quickly. Go out to a daily real quick. But end of this candlestick's open. It'll be a little pause there, but if it can continue into that, we're looking for 360 355 or thereabouts. 349. Yes, it's 349. Visibility on all time frame, yep. Lots of room up there. Lots of room. Now we made a higher high with the previous high being a wick. Okay? Whenever I I see that, I want to see the bodies of any kind of like a house dropping down inside the range of that wick's high. The consequent encroachment of that halfway point, that needs to stay or keep price at this price point right here. That's the consequent encroachment. The wicks can go through it cuz there's a wick sitting right there, so it could tap the midpoint of that. Preferably, it shouldn't do it. But a body needs to be protected to this midpoint or higher. As long as it's doing that, continuation is likely. If it puts a body below this, that's problematic for continuation higher. You would have to resolve that in price action. Hush. Hush. Quiet. Come on, girl, stop. I want something right now. Right? Now, that's not that's not what you want to see there. That doesn't bode well for continuation on the upside. So, you return back to the 1-minute chart. You have a gap right here with higher high. Would you stop? These puppies are driving me nuts trying to get me the pedal on them with my left hand and while my right hand's trying to draw annotation on the chart. All right, so there's your 1-minute bullish fair value gap. If it can fold and go beneath that, we can look for uh yeah. The midpoint of that to be a a factor. We're using it right now as a bullish fair value gap. Same thing here. It needs to rip and accelerate to the upside. Showing just that right there and meandering around and and going sideways, not not good. When I say not good, it's it would create apprehension for me to participate in it. I want to see straight like Look how all the candlesticks are fuzzy. They're sharing a lot of the previous range of the previous candle. When it's like that, or if we are in these like weird little consolidations that's inside of a wick, you enter time distortion. So, you have to wait for that to be resolved. That means it's got to leave it. And I don't care personally ups upside or downside. But for where it's at right now, it would make more sense for it to continuously go higher. And the fact that it's really reluctant to do so here, it's just it's very difficult to participate in that for me. I'm not going to I'm not going to participate in it. It could shoot off and go, you know, another 80 handles higher. This much of a premium with this type of consolidation and now they laid down relatively equal lows here. Yeah. So, you can tick that off now. So, it looks like it's been just a dirty session, but just pressing it higher. See if MES met that higher high. Yeah. See if higher high on MES. MNQ. Note Note the time. We have 9:30 right there. So, 9:30's candle opening price, we dropped down below it, tore up some sell side, went higher, and then just keeps pressing higher, digging in higher. This is the market's caught a buy program where it just wants to keep going higher. We have another hand another 150 handles or so to the upside in potential range. And we're entering that time when that lunch macro could materialize. And everything that's been put in motion here, they could unsettle that a little bit by running some sell side. Obvious near term sell sides here. And given the way that market's booking price this morning, like I wouldn't go all the way back down to uh I wouldn't expect that low here where we're at. But we can take that low out there. And then that would be sufficient enough for the macro for lunchtime. They're not letting this thing drop. Wartime scenario. They're going to tell you that the stock market's up. That means the economy's good. There's no inflation, right? See how fuzzy all the candlesticks are in here? It makes it very difficult for me to be like I want to I would like to use inefficiencies part of a day where you don't see a whole lot of this type of stuff in here, where it's all fuzzy right here like that. Not clean. And when you trade on days or when you're tape reading on days where those signatures aren't there and it's just real quick sudden runs and then back into those inefficiencies or back into an order block, you'll notice the difference because you're looking at like this today. You've been there before, basically. All through here. Let me look at all this. Now you might say, "Well, it's a 15-second chart." It doesn't change anything. Like you want to see continuity from this is your time frame to do your drills on. Clean price action should be seen on the 1-minute and in your executable time frame. So what if you're using a 15-minute time frame? Say this is your 15-minute time frame over here. And this is your 1-minute time frame. Same thing. You want to see clean price action. You don't want to see shared ranges with the candlesticks. Cuz it's if it's sharing the same range that the previous candlesticks are doing or using. In other words, they're staying inside this little consolidation area. If it's If it's doing that, >> [clears throat] >> they're not letting the price run freely in expansions. So you're more prone to see a lot of continued consolidations. Higher high, sure that's happening, but then it cool it pulls back in and it creates these other little small little consolidations that could in this condition spike down and run on liquidity. And it can do it in one fell swoop, one wick, and and traverse 50-60 handles. That's why I don't like those types of conditions. When it's clean and you don't have these ranges where the bodies are sharing basically the looks like a UPC symbol, UPC symbols, the barcode thing on anything you purchase. If it's resembling that, I'm a little bit more reluctant to participate in that because it's more likely that they'll run through that just to get the liquidity that's on the other side of it. In other words, that's sell side. So it can it can run higher on days like this and I'm okay with letting it go cuz it has to make sense. Some of you might be watching this saying, "Well, you know, I would have done this." Or you're maybe you're paper trading. And and you're going to say, "This is what I did." That's fine. That's good. But I'm telling you what I'm doing as an educator telling you what you should be looking for, what it's going to feel like while you're trading in these conditions with these concepts. And how I personally use them when it's unfolding like this. If there's a time when I'm going to be reluctant to to do anything, wouldn't it make sense for me to tell you when those conditions are in play? If I didn't do that, it would be incomplete experience learning. It It that would be me holding something back from you. And these are the most advantageous things to learn. We started the stream off with this is a day where you wouldn't be trading, but I forced myself out here to do it. I'm not apologizing. I'm not making excuses or anything because I want you to feel what this feels like because if you don't do this, if you don't have it in your own hands, this experience of seeing the the uncertainty, the problematic deliveries, in this case TradingView not letting your orders fill, that that could turn into a tilt scenario. Makes you go in there wanting to, you know, exact your revenge on the marketplace. So we have a high, a lower high in here. So we'll see if this one's a rollover and take out that low on the 1-minute time frame. Uh that could set the the stage for the lunch macro retracement into the the range from 9:30's opening. We're not trying to force a short. We're not ignoring the fact that it could continuously go higher. In fact, that's predominantly what it's should be doing. I told you all-time highs or the daily relative equal highs. That's where the I think the market's going to go. But for drills, for you to participate in the marketplace, getting in here, doing something when you don't have a model yet, practicing, putting yourself out there. If you had never felt what it feels like to be in with an expectation of what you think price should do, then you don't really have a baseline to start with and you have to have it. In the beginning, you you want to be able to come out here in your mind, you're thinking, "I want to come out on my first day trying to do this it working in my hands." And that's a little unrealistic because that's assuming that you know everything because it's your first day. And that's not That's not practical and that's not realistic. And by recording a scenario like we're in today and getting the data and information from it, your participation in it, um the the feed back that it gives you, it's going to be personal. Everybody's going to have a different viewpoint on what they engaged with today. Most of you, if you're brand new, you're going to feel like this was not fruitful at all. And you're going to you're going to want to do something else. If you think that, the best thing you can do for yourself is leave my community. Okay? That's the best thing you can do because I'm going to challenge you. I'm going to I'm going to force you to make hard decisions and you're going to be really uncomfortable because you want to be spoon-fed signals. And I told you, don't follow me today. Don't follow me with your trades. But watching price action and participating when there's something to engage with. When there's something to do, then you participate in it and you take away from that transaction whatever experience is afforded to you. All right. So we have a run below that low. Lunchtime macro is ripping and roaring already. Well, again, explaining that it can happen and not being able to put it on is two different things. I guess that's a really good illustration of what I'm referring to. Seeing things potentially there and because you didn't participate in it, because you didn't get anything off, you didn't have your release, okay? Measure your sense of frustration, if it's there. If you're indifferent, that's exactly what you're aiming for. All right. So we have this that 1-minute over here. We're going to see if this can act as an inversion fair value gap because if it can, it could run back down into this gap. So since I'm on overtime, you know, we'll we'll try and see if we can do something with it, okay? Managing your emotions and and that feeling of euphoria, that uh that fear, that greed, needing to be right, this is where you master that. And it's uncomfortable in the beginning. It's very uncomfortable. Progress is done by removing things that are not necessary. In the beginning, you hold on to a lot of things that are not necessary, but you think they're beneficial. You think they're helpful. You think you know how you should be taught and that's assuming you know what the the subject matter is. So if you know how you're supposed to be taught, teach yourself. Go through all the problems, fall in the all the pitfalls, go through all of the the slow arduous tasks of doing like I did, finding lots of short-term failures. And if you had the wherewithal to be able to convince yourself to continue, good. But most people wouldn't. And that's the benefit of having a mentor. But if you if you think that you know how you're supposed to be taught and this is the right way and that's the wrong way, that's very very arrogant of you as as a student to anything and anyone. You're the teacher. So be the teacher. Teach yourself. And be be ex- uh I guess accept and be willing to accept a lot of short-term failure and adversity because you're not going to know any better when you go into times where it doesn't feel like it's making any sense. The mentor would be reminding you this is normal if you feel this. This is normal if you didn't do this right now. If you didn't see this in the price action, it's normal for you to feel that right now. That's the benefit of having a mentor. But if you're going to self-talk if you're going to self-teach yourself, you're asking for an Olympic-level feat to be accomplished in your own hands while being ignorant to what it is you're trying to learn. So, you know, that choice is yours. It's always there. I'm turn it back to whole lot less pain when you sit with somebody and they explain to you, "This is what we're going to look at today. And none of this is supposed to make you money. It's supposed to reveal what your character flaws are." When you put a trade on, what's the first thing you're thinking? What happens if this is wrong? That's what you're doing. You're thinking, "What happens if this is wrong? What happens if ICT comes out here and he puts on these trades and ignore the fact that I said that we're doing drills." Ignoring that. You're going to key up on the fact that there was a button pushed today. And I told you, "Don't follow me. I'll hurt you." You need to feel what that feels like. And some of you are trying to feel for me. You're placing your emotions in me cuz I'm I don't have any emotion about this. I've zero emotion. I don't I'm not embarrassed. I'm not scared. I'm not anything. I'm showing you what it's going to be like for you when you're brand new and you're out here trying to do something. This is pantomiming. Okay? But I'm forcing myself in a condition where the market is literally difficult. This is a nine day out of 10. 10 being extremely extremely hard. Today's a nine day. And I'm equating that to not me. I'm equating that to you as a new student. So, if you're looking at this market today and you're feeling a little disjointed, it's normal. Now, this should really run higher. It should like really really really run higher. So, we accomplished that lunch macro down here. It fulfilled all that business. Sell-side under here. Come on. There you go. And then we'll look for the relative equal highs here. Uh what's it? 32? So, we'll look for 30 30 4. That's good enough. So, it's this gap I'm participating in. We had a stop hunt relative equal lows. We ripped through this buy-side imbalance sell-side inefficiency. We ripped through it. Traded higher. Relative equal highs are there. Fair value gap. Prior to this going up if it can take these highs out rather. >> [clears throat] >> The structure on the one minute looks good cuz we have the small little separation there. We traded down into that. That's this over here on the 15-second time frame. >> [clears throat] >> You guys have seasonal allergies? Cuz uh mine are kicking in. I apologize if you hear me. I'm clearing my throat more times than you're probably used to hearing. Stuff like that gets on my nerves too. Like if I'm listening to somebody or if I listen to someone that's an an audio book narrator, if if they're a terrible narrator because they either have a head cold or just got over one or they just do something that drives me nuts. I start listening to the thing that doesn't make me feel good listening to them. Drives me nuts. So, I have to endure the book instead of enjoying it. When somebody's got allergies like like I'm going through if I hear that in myself, I get self-conscious cuz I know I'm very judgmental and critical of people if I'm listening to an audio book and they're and they're wrestling with something. So, just know that if you feel that way, I feel for you. It's not intentional. Now, if you're looking at the the relative equal highs here, we're so close to those being taken. When it's a scenario like this, if it goes up there cuz it could it could fail, okay? I could have it wrong. If it can go through these highs, we don't want to see it just do a small little run above it in shallow format and then go lower. We don't want to see that. We want to see it go above them and accelerate to the upside because the market has already drifted lower and taken that sell-side there. So, stops have been trailed below these short-term lows like over here on that one-minute chart. They've been trailed. So, they've done enough damage to take those out. So, just to take a a run above these relative equal highs here, like going above it and then coming back down, that's more indicative of a intraday reversal or a deeper retracement. So, it wouldn't make sense to see that happen unless it's doing that very thing, reversing or going lower, significantly lower. So, the stop hunt's there. When it's when you're in close proximity to relative equal highs like that, you want to see it when it trades through it, you want to see it go through it. To it and through it. That's the expression I like to use. To it and through it. So, we would want to see it go above them and then expand aggressively to the upside. Not this shallow little peek above it. And or if it rolls down and stops out and takes out that low here, then I'm not interested at all for the rest of the day. I wouldn't touch it anymore after that. Hopefully I communicate what I was trying to say there. The I I just got up and got a bottle of water, so I'm not sure if that communicated as well as I wanted it to. But just again to reiterate it, these highs being equal like that and we're just sitting right below it, any movement above it should see continuation. Cuz if it goes above it here a little bit and then comes right back in the range, they'll run for that low there and and lower. This would be the false breakout for the day. Bulls chasing it. And they would take them you know, run them against the coals. Drag them across the coals of the fires basically is what I'm saying. And you want to put yourself in these scenarios and feel what it feels like to be in that so that you'll understand what I'm talking about certain things in like rants or I'll say things in in conceptual terms without necessarily doing it in the chart. You'll know what I'm referring to because you you've done that before. You've put yourself in a situation where, "Yeah, there's a fair value gap right there. Yeah, there's relative equal highs right there." Those things are true. But it needs to behave a certain way. It needs to do something that makes sense based on what it has recently done where it's taken that low out here. It's dropped down, took that sell-side out. Leaving these relative equal highs. So, by having that drop down, it's done enough work for taking out stop losses that's been trailed. And now we see that that we went above it. It expanded up to the limit order. Put that aside for a moment. I still I would still want more follow-through. And that's how you would do it. You would put your toe in the water, test it by doing that little drill like that. Where you're not trying to demand that you're right. You're not looking for perfection. It's not about the money, okay? You're not looking for a highlight reel example to go over there and show your executions and post it to me or post it to somebody else on on social media. You're Now you got the transaction done. It went to your little drill target. That's your reward. That's your little cookie cuz the child in you that's developing into that student that's going to be a consistently profitable trader in the future, they need to be encouraged along the way. And these types of drills help do that very thing. But get that out of the way. Now you got your little cookie, okay? Now you got your yellow belt. You no longer a white belt. So, now you have a yellow belt. So, that yellow belt that experience that you carry forward as a yellow belt, you want to see now that it's done that run above these relative equal highs, yes, it hit my target for the drill, but is it willing to continue? Is it willing to to extrapolate to the upside and continue moving higher? That's the next stage where again, you're looking for feedback, but you're not necessarily participating where you were making money or losing money, not even in a demo. And you're getting experience that you can't purchase. You can't buy it from a mentor. You can't get it free from a mentor. You got to be out here doing these types of things. In the beginning, it feels like you're fumbling. It feels like it doesn't make any sense. You have no idea what you're doing. But keep doing it each day and put yourself in situations where okay, I see a scenario where there's a fair value gap here. And there's relative equal highs here. There isn't all that much range, but we did get this big stop out. So that means if it does take out these highs, it should have at least half of this range here. It should see that move above it. What does that look like? It's old highs. Okay. So half of this range So look at this purple line here. That's consequent encroachment or not consequent encroachment, I'm sorry. Um equilibrium. It's from that high down to that low. Equilibrium is here. So if we measure that to that high that range, put your fingers, okay, don't touch your screen. That would piss me off if you touch my screens. But try to get a visual representation of this level to that high and then add it to that high. That's this level here. Okay. So what I was saying in terms of when we went above these relative equal highs, even though that fair value gap was there, yes, it panned out. Yes, it yielded positive outcome. Wonderful. Go to the next setup. At least half of this leg lower once it moves above here, that's a target that you can continuously do. By taking half that drop down on that stop hunt, project that higher. And what this will do is it'll give you algorithmic price levels to reach for. They're new thresholds. That's all it is. And if the market fails to go here and reverses, that's indicative of weakness. And that would set the stage for lower prices going all the way into 1:30 in the afternoon. So it's a matter of looking at things like this, measuring the willingness to participate on the part of price action, not you. Is price showing you like right now? What does it look like to you? Does it look like it's wanting to run up to that level? All we did was take another slightly higher high. And then we're wilted. You we went lower. These are all warning signs. They're like canaries in the coal mine as I was referring to in the most recent uh Twitter space. We don't want to see these things. Can the market correct and overcome that? Yes. But we don't generally want to see those types of things. These are These are conditions that cause the market to force you to babysit the position more times than you should. In low resistance liquidity run conditions, when the market's allowed to trade trade freely and move around and gyrate and and give wonderful opportunities multiple times in an hour you won't see these types of things that require you to babysit it. You won't have to worry about jamming your stop loss up. That's the benefit of learning low resistance liquidity run conditions. This is not low resistance liquidity run conditions. It's high resistance liquidity run conditions because the market's sharing a lot of the previous ranges. And it's very infrequent when it creates the imbalances. We want to see a market that's fast and loose. Lots of inefficiencies, open traffic. All lanes of traffic open, not rush hour. Okay? And when all the candles are all parked next to each other it's like you trying to go northbound or southbound on interstates. And it's frustrating. You want to have your lane in front of you wide open. And you'll see what you're looking for as a trader those conditions and you can highlight them and recognize them in the beginning rather simple strategies of what I'm teaching. But when we started the day off, right away I told you it's it's going to be one of those days. It's going to be like leg day. And you want to practice in these conditions. If you're brand new, don't look at it and say I it's not what he teaches. I don't want to participate in that because what you're doing is is you're you're keeping the experiences that you're going to find that you're going to get that experience when you're trading with real money. Or when it can hurt you. You want to get it in the beginning where it's reasonable for you to do it wrong. It's reasonable for you to feel like you're floundering and not doing so well. Because it's it's normal. Would you expect your one-year-old be able to get on a bicycle and ride around on it without training wheels? Of course you would not. That'd be unrealistic. So by having these unrealistic expectations in the beginning There you go. It trades right to the half of that stop hunt right there. Okay? So it was able to overcome it, but we don't want to see that generally because in a low resistance liquidity run condition, you won't have these little hiccups. It'll just run real on up there. So when you guys see me doing all these shorts and I'm I'm selling short at the highs of sessions and whatnot um a lot of the times I'm doing what you just watched me do here. How did you know that it was going to do that? And why would you feel comfortable shorting there? And what did you use here and what did you use there? All the things I'm talking about right now. But a lot of you don't want to listen to me. You just want me come out here and do trades for you so so you can copy me, make your money and then go and pretend like you did it on your own. That's what you really want. You don't want to learn. You don't want to sit here and go through what is required. You want all the fruits and the benefits of taking a trade off of ICT and let it be the good ones. And you're going to tell your friends and your family that you did that all by yourself and you're going to live vicariously through me. Like some of these people do cuz I'm not putting watermarks on my my uh examples anymore. I'm baiting everybody cuz you're going to see my stuff in other people's social media. You can see them asking all the time, "Can you tell me what your settings are, your colors?" Cuz they want to be able to talk about the market when it's not in a trade. Say it looks like it was Oh yeah, they did that trade cuz it looks like their chart, too. And I'm I'm hip to all that stuff, dude. That's how it is. It's fraud city on this place. But anyway, back to back to the lecture. Okay? We're in college today. Um drills, labs you know They're they're not fun when you don't know what you're doing. But when you do this consistently every day, have some session. Allot yourself you know, at least 15 minutes each day. It's like doing the treadmill for about 20 minutes a day. I don't do that, but you know, having some routine time where you go in and you participate in price action. And you practice. I'm going to tell you something that you know, many of you aren't going to agree with. You're going to think that they don't do it, but I'm going to tell you they do. Everybody that is profitable everyone that is profitable they always practice still outside of their account. That's the truth. Ask anybody that's consistently profitable and they prove it to you. Not, "Yeah, bro. I I'm I'm I'm I'm profitable. I got my model. You know, I'm doing this. I'm doing that." But you never see them execute. You never see them using it. You never see that. But they got a lot of story. The people that have proven themselves profitable, ask them candidly. Say, "Listen. Is it normal for for me to practice outside of my live account even though I'm profitable? Do you ever spending time doing that?" If they're profitable and they're not a one-hit wonder and they have they have a a skill set that they've acquired over time doing it making real money I will bet you that the large degree of the sample set that you asked that are profitable they'll tell you yes. That's not a coincidence. That's not a coincidence because they're constantly keeping their edge, their refined edge honed practicing it. You do not keep your edge sharp and razor edge by constantly going out there and risking your money. Knowing when to put your capital at work by participating in days like this looking for very specific things. Look where that reversed. Relative equal lows here. There's sell side below that. What's up here? Except for what I just talked about. There's no algorithm. You have to get in these situations and practice it, okay? It's not enough for me to talk about it or show examples in in recordings or even in lectures over live price action. Like you only get so much experience from doing that. Which is you're spectating. But you're trying to be a speculator. You're trying to speculate in these markets. You have to have participation. It's not like Netflix and chill, okay? And I said it before, it's it's ICT videos and work your ass off on your own time. Getting into the charts and practicing. Practicing. When you don't want to, you practice. You have to put yourself in front of the charts. And it's like leg day. We all know, if we're going to be realistically taking care of our health and exercising, we have to exercise our legs. But nobody really wants to do it because it hurts the day after and worse the second day after. If you're really exercising them. But you only need to do it one time a week. You don't need to anything more than that for leg day is overtraining. Unless you're chemically dependent on growth. And you you can figure what I what I mean by that. So, that's good. They didn't take the sell side and they ran for the buy side. So, that's that's continuation signature. You It's It's good to see that type of thing. Let's take a quick look at ES. Okay, same scenario. What we were looking at for NQ. Now, you can run that same drill here. On on ES. So, we'll do ES over here. Same scenario. We just went into the gap here. So, the buy side is over here. So, watch this high. It should run up. It shouldn't take out the low that volume imbalance right there. So, it should run up, take the buy side there. I'm not going to I'm not going to enter on that. I'm just telling you to you you watch it. Just observe it. And it would be a example of sick sister. When I say sick sister, it's this. In case you're brand new. What I'm saying is sick sister. Okay, so when one market's weak and it's closely correlated to another market like ES and Nasdaq, they're very strongly correlated. They're positively correlated. When one goes up, generally you would expect the other to follow suit and go higher. Here, right now, ES is the sick sister. And Nasdaq is kind of encouraging the sick one to hang in there. You'll get better. Just keep going to work. Keep going to the doctor. Keep taking your medicine. That type of thing. It's really hard for me to find an analogy on the whim right now, but that's probably not the best one I've I've had in the past, but >> [laughter] >> it's just you would expect this one to eventually come to the same agreement. Where it made a higher high on Nasdaq, you would want to see that same thing happen in this one here. If it doesn't do that, that shows a break in correlation. And the time of day is about appropriate cuz we're entering very close to the lunch time. So, we have that 2-hour lunch period where it would be better if it took out that high. And then any retracements would still be viewed as healthy during those 2 hours of 11:30 to 1:30 Eastern time. It'll be a short session. Oh, man. You keep falling for it, don't you? This guy always says he's going to have a short video. Oh, man. The comments are so fun. All right. Let's see what we can do here. Now, again, don't be afraid of the 15-second time frame. Use it as a tool, okay? All you're doing is looking for the same thing If I didn't tell you what market this was and I showed you this time frame here and I talked about it as if it was a specific time frame on um not not 15 seconds, obviously. Like it it could be like an hourly chart, something to that effect. You would pay it no mind. You just go along with okay, what is he pointing out? What should it do based on that? That's how you're supposed to be when reading price action. You are indifferent to the time frame because price is price. Everything you see this 1-minute chart doing over here, that's what's happening over here in the 15-second time frame. It's not doing anything faster. It's just the measurement the the measurement medium, okay? The reference point that we're measuring the high and high I'm sorry sorry, the highest high and the lowest low, where it started, where it ended for this in interval of 15 seconds, you're just seeing a greater range by comparison with the same time frame. Over here, you can see it hasn't done very much at all. Over here, this looks like it's doing a whole lot more. When it's done no different from the high of this candlestick to its low, that's what all that little range right there is the same thing that's been encapsulated by that 1-minute time frame. So, it's not a matter of speed. It's not a matter of um be fearful because it's too fast. Now, I will agree it's very difficult for me to outline and talk about something as it hits the 15-second time frame cuz I want to be able to say, okay, watch this fair value gap. Now, we we want to see it trade down into the up if it's bullish. We want to see it trade down into the upper half of it. Keep the bodies out of the lower half and then strongly rip higher off of that. That's That's That's the what I'm trying to accomplish. So, hopefully by spending time with me, you know that that's what we'd be looking for anyway. So, eventually what will happen is when I show you a chart and I have an annotation on it, you'll know based on how I teach these specific concepts, what I'm looking for. And I don't need to sit down and tell you every detail about what every individual candlestick's going to do. It's for you to watch it and kind of like narrate it yourself. And it's good if you can sit down in front of price action and record yourself talking it out. Like that's the next order of business for you. If you've been tape reading and you record your screens and you go back and you watch it later on cuz if you're working or you're something's preventing you from being in front of the charts real time. If that is happening by recording your charts, like have it set up something like this, okay? Where you have a little low time frame, 15-second time frame, and 1-minute time frame. Obviously, it'll be a clean chart. You won't have the benefit of annotation. But you can screenshot it as you go and then do your annotations as you It's a little bit more work. It is, admittedly. But the next bit of business would be when you can do it and watch price action live, record yourself narrating what you believe price should and should not do. Like like you're teaching someone. You're not trying to teach anybody, but you're recording your observations as they happen. So, it's an audible journal. You'll have it visually in your chart, but you also hear what that at that very moment what you're thinking. Speak it out. Articulate it. Say it out loud. And what you'll have is you'll have a better version of and it's actually a very efficiently done. It It manages time better. So, if you ever watch the 1440 series, um it's about time management. And this is a nice application and and a way for you to manage your time. So, that way you don't spend too much time cuz if you have a wife or a spouse or, you know, significant other and they say you're spending too much time listening to that guy's videos. You're spending too much time in these charts, you know, and they're going to look at what are you getting? What have you gotten for cuz they're not looking at 18 months from now then it's realistic for you to start taking money out. And I said that right. You're going to flounder around in the beginning when you start trading with a real account, whether it be funded or not funded yet. You got to get get it through the evaluation phase. But if you're trading with live funds, you're going to be scared. No matter how much of the drills you run, you're going to be scared. And you you have a lot of things to weigh out. And you have a lot of things to prove if you're in a relationship because they're watching how much time you're investing. You'll watch all the videos on that channel. You'll sit in all these live streams or watch the recordings when you get a chance to do so. And they're going to watch you do that. You know what you're getting by watching it. You feel inspired. You see something. You learn something new. But they aren't getting anything out of it except for absence. They're not seeing you participating in the relationship as much because you're doing this. So, what do you think that's going to do when you start trading? It's going to force you to feel like you have to perform to make them happy. Versus my model says I don't have to trade right now. And this isn't high probability. These conditions are not high probability. So, you're in a you're in a tug-of-war. And if you do some real deep soul-searching, this is why journaling is important. You're going to find out that you're wrecking yourself because you love who you're with. And I'm going to say it again cuz it went right over your head. You're hurting yourself and blowing your accounts because you're trying to in impress, inspire, or get the people that you love on the same page as you, so that way they don't bother you. So, they don't ask you, "Show me your efforts right now. Where's the Where's the fruit of everything you've been doing?" Because they're not going to see it the same way you do. Think about it. Every single time you blow that account, every single time you go on tilt, or you get real close to getting to the point where you're funded, and then then you can start making potential withdrawals if you do it continuously profitable after that, chances are someone that you love or trust, you've told them, "I only got this much and then it's going to be I'll be in a funded account." And you told them that because you want them to get off your back. There's your six sister running out there. So, it took out those highs there. >> [sighs] >> So, it took it going below that low. So, that volume imbalance didn't support it, but it came down and took the sell side there. Then it rallied up. Then it used this portion here as an inversion fair value gap. And then it ran to it there. And that's how you would annotate your chart. It's not hard, is it? You should feel a great deal of relief that this is all that's required. Some of you don't want to do this stuff because you think you have to do so many extra things. You don't. In the beginning, you're just looking for simple little processes, simple little drills, little laboratory experiments. "What would happen if I observe this, and I put my focus on and then watch it?" You have maybe five five or six different things I I talked about over price action today. And not all of them are winners. Not all of them panned out exactly as you may have expected or as I outlined. I'm placing you in a first day trying it. This is about realistic for you. Maybe Maybe actually better than you probably would have done in your own hands. Don't try to have a report card given When you go to school on your first day, did they give you a report card at the end of the day? All right, here's how you did in your first day, you You got a lot of work to do. Shape up or ship out, buddy. That's not how they I mean, if you're going to school like that, Jack, >> [laughter] >> you're in the wrong place, but that's what you're expecting in trading. You're expecting your first day at school to be honor roll, straight A student. And I'm trying to remind you that this is very very difficult to do in general because you're the obstacle. You're the barrier. But add to it now, we have a highly manipulated market that's literally every single day. Every single day, it's And you have to wade through this stuff, or go do something else. Because this is going to be very challenging. It's going to be very difficult for you to do it. And don't listen to these people sweet talking and say it's easy cuz it's not. If it was easy before, it sure as hell ain't now. We got so many things coming at us all the time that are meant to disrupt everything. And I talked about this in spaces. We're going to enter a time where trading can be made very difficult. And you're seeing it. The big moves are happening when you are not in front of the charts. Big ranges are being presented to us at the opens on Sundays, huge ranges. Man, that would have been great if it would have traded through all that during electronic or regular trading hours, but they didn't. So, all of that stuff weighs on you. And you got to endure it. You got to have a participation in it. And if you don't, how are you going to get good? How are you going to measure your progress? And wouldn't it make sense for you to put yourself in conditions that are hard, but you're being honest and forgiving to yourself in the beginning saying, "Hey, I really don't expect to do well, but I want to see what happens when I do these drills. I want to see where my present understanding is." And then record that and log that. Now you have something that you can measure tomorrow and then on Friday, and then going forward because what we're doing here today, at least 15 minutes. At least 15 minutes a day. And why am I saying 15 minutes? Because if you're watching 15 1-minute candles over here, you're going to see something in a market structure in the 15-second time frame that's going to yield to you either a market maker sell model or a market maker buy model. It's there all the time. Every single time. Every single time. 1 hour, you have four 15-minute intervals. That means you have four market maker sell or buy models. Not four individual buy side or buy models and or four sell side. It's four of them. It could be any combination of one of the buy model and three the sell, or vice versa, but you're you're getting generally four of them per hour. Don't take my word for it. Don't take my word for it. Go in there and look at it. So, studying price action like that, you it will afford you at least one opportunity to practice in. All you're going to be looking for is a run on liquidity. And you don't need to have the beginning of the move understood. You may see something after the fact. The sell side of the curve delivers on a buy model. Okay. That's this. You have to know what you're looking for, the draw. Where is it drawing to? If you don't know what that is, it doesn't matter what data you put in front of that. The determines the target. What are you aiming for? If it's nothing, if nothing is the target, you'll have a 100% strike rate hitting that. Nothing. You won't know what you're you're you're aiming for. So, you have to have the work done in the beginning to aim for something. Simple little pools of liquidity on these little time frames like this, and use a fair value gap. And you don't even demand that the requirement that your entry is on is profitable or not. It's the fact that you're getting in there, and you're watching example after example after example. By repetition, you will retain what hard markets look like and feel like. I don't know how to say it other than that. There's no There's no other way for me to articulate except for it because you've been watching price action, and you've placed yourself in scenarios where you're looking for an outcome that's measurable. It's finite. It's specific. You're entering. You have a stop loss. You have a target. And you keep conditioning yourself to go in, and you're desensitizing yourself that you're not afraid to go in. If you see the fair value gap, you're entering it. And over time, because you've done lots of them, your subconscious is going to retain the times that it worked very very well. Because you've seen it lots of times, lots of repetitions. If somebody that you've never met walks in front of you in the next 30 minutes, if you're not looking for them, and someone offers you $1 million, tell me what the guy had on as a shirt. What color was his shirt? He had brown pants on, but he had a specific color shirt. I'll pay you $1 million if you tell me what color that was. It's impossible. You're never going to do that. And that's what some of you most of you are doing. You're complaining and saying this is too complicated. I want it easy. I want it perfect. I want it to always make money for me. I want something to tell me to get in and when to get out. I want my stop loss to be small all the time. That's like you knowing what this person was wearing over the last 30 minutes. They walked in front of you. You saw them. But it wasn't meaningful to you, so you didn't retain any of that information. Do you think you would have been more equipped to be able to tell me what the color that person's shirt was if I told you there's going to be a man that's going to walk in front of you over the next 30 minutes. He's going to be wearing black brown slacks. I want you to tell me what color his shirt is. You're going to do a better job at that. Why? Cuz now you're interested. Your reticular activating system is now keyed up. There's a reward there. You're aiming for it. You've You've placed your focus inside of 30 minutes. So, now you're going to be looking for it. Why? Because something's been given to you to key up on, to focus on. That's what you're doing when you do these drills. You're looking for things by repetition, and by placing yourself in that situation where it can materialize and manifest itself in front of you. Using the same scenario, if I were to show you 20 different pictures of this person back side, from a bird's eye view, worm's eye view looking up to him, you have all different angles now. How How successful do you think you would be if I said now, in the next 30 minutes, this person's going to walk by. He's wearing brown slacks, just like it is in that picture. You have different angles of the same person. The person's your model. The person of interest is that model. How successful do you think you would be looking for this person to come into your view in the next 30 minutes and then being able to tell me what color their shirt is? 100% strike rate then. Or you just were not paying attention. And that's that's user error. And that's exactly why my stuff fails in some people's hands, too. Now, think about that. I like this analogy. It just came to me. Thank you, Father, for that. But it makes perfect sense. If someone told me that, I'd be like, "Oh, yeah, that makes sense." I didn't ever look at it that way, but that's exactly what we do as traders in the beginning. We think we know everything or enough to get out here and try to do something. But you got to get out here and get your hands dirty. You got to roll your sleeves up and feel what it feels like. Get those pictures, those snapshots of your model from different angles. And see what it looks like. Sometimes those pictures might be not not all that information. There isn't that much information in them. Let's say it that way. But the details are supported with the overall view, like a hologram. You can take some parts of the source material that creates a hologram image. You can take some of that away and you'll still see the image. It'll be distortion in there. It won't be as crystal crystal clear or pristine, laser crisp, like 4K. But you can still make out what it is. It's kind of like, you know, the same thing here. Are you getting multiple angles and utilization of these ideas in real-time price action? You're forcing yourself to develop a hologram holographic perspective of price action with a model that makes makes sense to you. We're not looking at commitment of traders. We're not looking at breakers right now. We're not looking at all these other things that I've taught. We're just looking at simple little things for entry to a pool of liquidity, some old high, some old low. And participating in it a lot. Forcing yourself to get in there a lot. Now, on easier, cleaner price action days, you're going to have a whole lot more setups, a whole lot more participation. I'm hoping we have that tomorrow or or for Friday. And you'll see me do a whole lot more of them. But today, I wanted you to feel what it felt like to be a little bit uncomfortable. Some of you want to feel like you want to go out and defend me cuz there're going to be people that say, "Look what he did today. He doesn't know how to trade." >> [laughter] >> Take that bait. Take it, please. Would you like me to spoon-feed it for you? And wipe the corners of your mouth? Oh, man. Trust me when I tell you this. You doing what I showed here today will be so much more impactful and beneficial for you if you just submit to doing it. And the things that you don't understand as a benefit from doing it, you will see it happen. It will your understanding will grow. Your visibility in reading, interpreting price action will grow. It'll it'll increase exponentially. And there's no shortcut around that. You can't purchase a 5-minute trainer version of it. You can't buy somebody else's experience and download it to yourself. But everybody else marketing and selling that's exactly what they're doing. They're letting you believe if you pay them, they're going to shorten the learning curve for you, and they're not going to do that. And that's why if you watch more and more of them, and a lot of them are students, they're getting real uncomfortable because I'm saying stop paying everybody. And they're they're it's getting real hard to be team ICT if you're selling my But if you're worth your salt, if you're good about what you're doing, you'll still have an audience. Someone will still want to pay you regardless of what I'm saying. They they like you. They resonate with you, and there's nothing wrong with that. But a lot of you folks out there that are selling my don't deserve it. You don't deserve that. You didn't earn it just cuz you can make a little bit of money. You did not you did not deserve and you don't deserve the position of teaching it cuz you don't know everything. You only know what you've experienced in your own hands, and that's limited. That's very limited. But I get it. Times are hard, things are expensive, and you're you got things to take care of, and it is what it is. I got you. But start paying attention. You're going to start seeing more and more of my students start trying to distance themselves because I'm making it difficult for them because their audience is my audience. Their students are my students. They're just getting paid a commission to hold their attention. I'm doing it for free. None of these people, none of my students will shorten your learning curve. They're not going to do that for you. Even even if they sit out here and they trade in front of you every single day, that's not you learning. That's you learning codependence, and that's why I don't do that. At some point, Lord may say, "Hey, look, you're done. You did enough. It's time to come home." And I'm just not going to be here one day. My channel will be quiet. My ex will be quiet. Maybe one of my kids will come forward and say, "Hey, just let you know, ICT's went on to go to be with the Lord." That's it. Nothing's No No day is promised. Tomorrow's not promised to me, it's not promised to you. So, if I sat out here every single day and put you in every one of the best-case scenarios, the only thing you would do is worship me, which is what I don't want. You would be over the hill It would It would really create a cult, and you wouldn't try so hard to do it. You'd be like, "I'm just going to show up when he does his streams, and I'm going to copy him. Life is good." That's not what I set out to do. I'm out here teaching you, this is how you get it. You roll your sleeves up. You get uncomfortable in the beginning, and be comfortable being uncomfortable. And it doesn't sound like that's possible, but it's the truth. Uncertainty is what you have to embrace as a trader. You don't know what that trade's going to do for you. It may stop you out. It may give you the best exit you've ever had. You don't know. More now than ever, I don't know. I know what I'm looking for. I'll participate when all the things I'm looking for are there. But you don't need all things in your favor when you're doing drills. You're desensitizing yourself to getting in. Watch something, observe something, take the information, take the experience from it, and log it. Do not look at failed runs in price action when we're doing drills like this. Don't look at that as failure in your ability or the model or the concept. It That's not what this is. And it's a very hard thing to bridge because everybody's so impatient, and they they're frustrated. So, they'll say, "Oh, it's It doesn't work." When you're missing the whole point. No matter what you trade, no matter what tool you use, or no matter what software program you buy, there's a learning curve. It doesn't put you in the winner's seat just because you paid for something. You still will wreck it. Period. Okay? It's going to happen. So, isn't it isn't it worthwhile for you to know what you're going to do to mess yourself up? Nobody else is going to know that. So, if you feel uncomfortable my my me asking that, you're looking around the room thinking, "Shit. He's pegged me. He's literally He just cornered me right now." Cuz that's what I'm afraid of. I'm afraid that I'm going to find there's character flaws in me, and I'm trying to to work so hard to pretend they're not there. Resetting my funded accounts constantly. Resetting my demo account constantly. Erasing all the things that are showing me I have work to do. What I'm telling you as the teacher, don't hide from that. You want to know what those things are. You want to know where those imperfections are so that way you can correct it. Or characteristics in the beginning, when you haven't adopted bad habits, they're easily corrected. It's harder the more time you spend doing dumb stuff. Dumb stuff is trying to trade before you know what you're doing. Getting out here and dabbling. Jumping from one mentor to the next, one model to the next, one PDA rate to the next, one system no one software program, this person's selling this, this one's selling that. You're so uncomfortable, you're willing to pay out of pocket to remove that pain and replace it with success, and you can't buy success. You can't pay for it. Trust me. You can't. So, anyway, I'll leave you with a a few things here. This run right there, look for price to try to gravitate back into that. We have all these layered sell-side liquidity. And then we have this buy-side imbalance outside inefficiency. So, just observe that consequent encroachment, and if it can get below that, it may want to revisit this during the lunch hours. And I will be with you again today, Lord willing, in the afternoon, and we'll be back at another uh drill live session tomorrow at uh 9:25. Until I talk to you then. Be safe.
