================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: ICT 2026 Futures Review \ April 14, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJ67ft6XENo
================================================================================

Hey folks. Let's see how long it takes to get to and yeah, not long. You hear the old man? All right. How you guys doing? You having a good day? So obviously uh the market's found its footing. So we're going to take a quick look at a couple things real quick and and then I'll send you on your way. Promise I won't keep you long tonight. I promise. Promise promise promise. So the market traded down into 30% of last week's weekly range which is TGIF and found its footing and ran off pretty strongly. Um if we're looking at the continuous contract and again you can see that because there's an absence of any month in the name of the title of the chart. These are relative equal highs. I like 26,399 half. Just be mindful this high as well. So that one here, 26,112. Have that also on your radar. But watch what happens when we hit the uh adjustment. Okay, watch. It's higher targets, okay? That's why I'm using this one because it's closer to where we are by the market price. So if we use just this high here it's 26,562 3/4. You want to have that level as well. And then finally all-time high back here with it adjusted. 26,859 even. Okay, so those are my key levels going you know, looking for continuous higher prices if we follow through if we keep going higher uh those are the levels I'm watching. All right? So that makes it very simple, very easy. So everything is as it was without the adjustment on we're going to go down to a 1-minute chart. Okay, and a lot of you asked for this review here. I know most of you don't need it, but I'm just tossing it in here real quick. So obviously the the market was rallying pretty strong today and yesterday and we entered into a time when the lunch session starts at 11:30 and ends at 1:30. The lunch macro can occur slightly earlier. Okay, and then and it it can begin around the 10:30 hour. Why? Because it's the first hour's dealing range. Once the first four full hour rather is complete first 60 minutes of trading many times you'll see that it can create a immediate higher low of the or could create the higher low of the think in terms of like when we traded just primarily forex uh between 10:00 and 11:00 that's your London close time frame. So split that in half, you got 10:30. So 10:30 first hour's range first dealing range of or first hour dealing range for trading is done from 9:30 to 10:30 Eastern time. Once that's fulfilled then we could start looking for reasons to anticipate some measure of uh a pullback and a retracement. That's what a lunch macro is. It it's a pulling back or a retracement back inside of whatever the range has been since the 9:30 opening. All right, so let's encapsulate that in the charts so that we can see it. So there's the 9:30 candle there. It opens at 25,656 quarter. And from that candle we rallied up until we get to 10:30. We'll annotate that vertically. There's that, okay? So at 10:30 it can begin the lunch macro. It can it can start doing it. I I guess it's the earliest it can do it. But you still have something have you have to have something rather technical to spur that one. So by looking at where we have seen the 10:30 hour we're or 10:30 half the hour of 10:00 to 11:00. That's when the macro can start. So in other words, it can start running lower back to a low that formed at 10:00. So at 10:00 here. All right? So we have this low it can aim for this low this low and this low. Once it took out this minor buy side here once it did this look at the time it's occurring. You you're going to blend the several things here now. The market's been going one direction from the open at 9:30. It's wildly bullish. It's been bullish for 7 days non-stop in in deference to where it opened and where it closed so closing higher on the day, 7 days in a row. It's covered an enormous amount of handles. So it's very very stretched out and now we're entering a time when the macro can happen at 10:30. We took out a minor buy side here. So we need a higher high on the day and but now we're inside the macro time. So here's 10:50 to 11:10. What that magnet set on strong. It's killing me. So let's do it like this. All right, 10 50. All right, it's really it's shooting in there strong. Okay, we're not going to mess with that at all. Let's this let's do it like this. Vertical line. 10:50 and then we will do 11:10. Okay? So there's your macro time. It took buy side. What's the macro the lunch macro? It's a retracement inside of the range. From 9:30 it's moved up. Starting at 10:00 if we're going to look for a a failure swing running buy side during the macro time it needs to show a willingness to want to go lower and start seeking sell side that would be trailed behind a low here a low here it could go there, it could go there but since it's extremely strong very strong type movement higher the likelihood of it seeing coming all the way back down to this low that would mean something if it went through all this consolidation. So it would take a lot to get through that. Here we have this low and we have a buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency. So inside this buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency to the left of that what do we have? That wick. So I'm going to take these vertical lines off. Just know that this portion of price action is what we're aiming to focus in on. I apologize. I I thought I hit the record button. I was the whole time I was doing the trade actually, it was I I was on the assumption that I was recording it. I was talking the whole time. Well, not the whole time. I I put the mute on a few times. over there and I got water in the bowl for the girls and then I grabbed something out of the refrigerator and then I came over and sat down and turned the mic on and said, "Okay, you know, I'm going to add more as we went into the inversion fair value gap." And it's just it was a little disconcerting cuz when I realized it wasn't recording, it's one of those things where if you if you ever recorded or if you ever live streamed, if you ever did any kind of video work, it it's very it's this it's deflating. Cuz while I didn't say much, what I did say, obviously, you know, made sense at the time. So, for someone that was brand new, it would have helped them. It wasn't very wordy like I've been in the live streams, but the this wick and this gap. So, if there's a buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency, it's the gap that takes precedence. So, if the gap's low is here at this candlestick's open, that's as bad as low as it could reasonably reach for if it was going to do it. Worst case scenario. Ideally, you want to see it trade to or just above consequent encroachment to that midpoint to the candlestick's high or the wick high, that's your sensitive price point. So, while we do have that gap here from this candlestick's high and this candlestick's low, this candle right there is your buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency. Sell side would rest right below that low and reaching into that midpoint level of this wick, okay? So, that's the target. So, that's the that was my maximum objective for the macro and then I was looking for a portion of the trade here. Buy side taken here. Notice that this is green up here. See that? Now, I'm just going to go real quick right over to MES to show you something. And we're looking at a different market and we're going to go back to MNQ. None of this is changing from live price action data feed to market replay, all right? So, that way we know what we're seeing here isn't some tomfoolery. It's not some garbage sim stuff. All right, so we have all the information here on the chart now. And while price was utilizing this buy side imbalance sell side inefficiency, as I've been teaching, very easy, high probability inversion fair value gaps. The easiest ones I have, the ones that just are just so obvious that you're you're never going to really miss it. That's what you want in your trading. You want something that's high caliber, that's very specific, it's very precise. You want it to be there in an obvious manner. So, if someone was ask you, "Where's the obvious fair value gap that you could anticipate trading?" Well, it's the first one that forms. But now I've taught you a higher tier understanding where it may not be the actual fair value gap if there's a wick to the left of it. That range is going to be more specific. And you'll use when it's bearish, you'll use the lower half of the wick. Low of the wick up to consequent encroachment. That'll be your actual first presentation for a fair value gap because we're treating the wick as a gap. Well, when I was teaching the aspects of inversion fair value gap, obviously, everybody went ham and started thinking every fair value gap can become an inversion fair value gap and that's not true. Okay? So, when we have a a high and we anticipate first by time, macro time between these two vertical lines, okay? So, I'm going to take those lines off. Now, we've accomplished the method there. So, we know inside that range of time, it can form what specifically? The lunch macro. What is its default? It runs to sell side. It's defined by time going back to 10:00. So, from 10:00 from where we create the potential setup or the origin of it, the inception of the move of going lower, start looking back for the lows. This one and this one, okay? So, because it's a very strong market, that's why I I lent my focus only to this. If it would have been part of a a bearish market condition, then obviously, I would have looked for a much lower. I would have looked for the lowest low that formed right after 10:00, okay? So, that's what I'm that's the the process and protocol I follow. When we're in a bullish move or a bullish buy program when the market's likely to continue going higher, I'm only looking for one or two short-term lows that have been trailed up for anyone that's long. So, they would have moved their stop loss up here from earlier in the session and as the market went higher and created this low and started to trade higher, the stop losses would have been moved from here and migrated to below this low here. Okay? So, now when price took that buy side here and ran above it, I'm actually looking to go short there. I'm going in there with the intentions that this is probably going to be a intermediate-term high intraday and it's likely to then run for the macro. Now, I want you to think about what I just said. It sounds like a whole bunch of gobbledygook for someone that's brand new. Okay, it sounds like word salad. But for the folks that's been here for a while, you've heard me talk and teach and showcase and actually do these things now. And again, showing you with a live execution, the market goes above this buy side here, runs above it, turtle soup, not Linda Raschke's and Larry Connors from Street Smarts book, okay? Uh you should buy the book, it's a wonderful book, but when you open and read it, you'll see that I'm not teaching that stuff. None of that stuff is in in my repertoire. Okay? The idea of a false breakout, that book in 1995 helped me understand that. That that's where I got the the first real understanding of a false breakout. I've never seen it explained in a way that was so simple, very cut and dry, and then I started looking for things based on that. So, if you don't have the book Street Street Smarts, um Linda Raschke has has blocked me on X. And I think it's because I have so many clones online that that she probably blocked me and there it is. And that's fine. It's not it's not imperative, okay? But uh as a female, you know, most men wouldn't like to admit that that was a mentor, but that she was a mentor to me in in the early stages in the first couple years of my trading. That book was very impactful, but her turtle soup or turtle soup plus one with Larry Connors in that book has nothing to do with what I'm teaching and how I'm trading. There's a very specific rule-based idea. I'm not going to tell you what it is cuz you can pretty much Google it really, but I think the book overall is still good. It's a little pricey, but it's still good. And so, the idea of running above this high here, that false break, I'm expecting this to now pull back because this was not enough of a retracement. Why wasn't this enough of a retracement? Why wouldn't I have expected this? I know man, he read my mind again. How are you doing this? The amazing Kreskin, right? >> [laughter] >> So, we had the high higher high here and then look at where it pulls back. Did this drop down to take out that low? No. No. So, this isn't enough of a of a criteria. But now when it ran back up, then it had to take that high out, then yes, we went to premium. Premium pulled back and it didn't validate by having this run here because it could have came down, hit that, went up and then maybe set the the stage for a lower low as I was indicating that that lower low right after 10:00. I would have aimed for that one then if it would have did what I'm explaining here, but because it didn't do that, I wanted to see price run up in there, overtake this sell side imbalance buy side inefficiency. I wanted to see it overtake that entirely and take out that high. And that run above there, that is not in Street Smarts book. Okay? It's very simplistic the way they teach it in that book. But I facetiously used the term turtle soup because when I was on BabyPips, I was teaching and I wanted to have something that everybody cuz I was I was really pushing that book for Linda and Larry back then cuz I I still think it's relevant. I think it's good. It's very simplistic. There's a lot of things that I don't like. Like there's a lot of indicator-based stuff. I don't like that stuff, but the generic things like stop hunt single low and all that business, I I I like that and it helped me when I was beginning. So, using this context here running above that high at a time when it should pull back and the direction is determined because of the macro, it's going to pull back into the range that formed since 9:30 to present time. So, it's been They're higher, right? So, where do we look at as a target if we're selling short above that high there? What's that low right there? That's your range from high to low. So, your dealing range is this portion of price action right here. And it would be external range liquidity that you'd be targeting. And then you would aim for this low. Which would be another form of external range liquidity from this origin original high, the origin of it, down to that low. This is the dealing range for that. And trading below this into the consequent correction of this wick, targeting that right there, that is external range liquidity in deference to this dealing range, okay? So, if it's a little confusing for you and you're brand new and you're getting caught up and and confused by the terms, trust me, it's very very easy once you spend a little bit of time, okay? Go through the the lecture notes and then and the teachings that I have on the YouTube channel and you'll see what I mean by that. All we're doing is looking for obvious pools of liquidity that supposedly don't have any effect on trading. So, I don't know what to tell you. It seems to be working, you know, it happens a lot in my hands. I'm not sure why it ain't working for everybody else, but I guess it's, you know, one of those things, right? So, the market drops aggressively into this buy-side imbalance sell-side inefficiency that forms, watch, it forms right before this high is taken out by this candlestick. So, your eye should by default, over time it'll start doing this. It'll jump right to that. Because this is the only inefficiency right before this high is taken. So, it it is it's it's not complex. It's not complicated. It's not ambiguous. It's very specific and it can't hide from you. That's what makes this superior to everything else. Because it's visually represented in the candlesticks. There's no guessing. There's no Let me think about this. Which candlesticks should I use? It just jumps off the chart at you. And that's what your model should do. You should start looking for things in price action that yield that type of characteristic. If it isn't obvious, it's probably not there in in price action. You're probably going force a trade probably isn't there. Okay? So, we have time. We had the macro. It's likely to unfold. We have another higher high, which ran here. And now we also had this buy-side imbalance sell-side inefficiency that is perfect for a potential inversion fair value gap. Because it's an up-close candle, we would view this as if it was still continuously bullish, if it dropped back down into it, that would be interpreted as a potential discount fair value gap that we can go long in. In this case, we want to see it wilt and go through it. We really want to see it go through this. We do not want to see any kind of discount sensitivity. That means the upper half needs to give way. Does it do it? Yes. Now, because it trades outside of it on a closing basis, when we trade back up into it, it needs to stay out of the upper half with the bodies. You can see it trade to the midpoint, which is consequent correction, that dotted line. That's permissible. The bodies ideally stay in the lower half. More optimal conditions are when the bodies are outside of it, even though it wicks into it. And it does it two times here. You see that? Now, this up-close candle in the recording I thought I was having, but it wasn't recording and I apologize. The idea of that open price when it tried to go up there, when we trade that back down through it, that activates this candlestick as a order block, a bearish order block. So, it's the full range, but that price when it trades up into it here, we can utilize that and that could be an entry mechanism. It could be a pyramiding point. And then the market drops aggressively and takes out the first target there. And then accelerates through that and takes out the sell side there and trades right into consequent correction of that wick right there. Now, when price dove through here, it was given two perfect scenarios or signatures that are algorithmic. We first have to cancel the approach of interpreting this as a bullish fair value gap. If this model is as I'm outlining here, if it's true and everything is on point, the drop down into this candle upper portion here, it needs to give up the ghost. It needs to go through it. It should not go down and start rallying up. Okay? Notice it's not doing that. We go into it, we wick here, give it another chance, another candle opens, trades up a little bit, creating the volume imbalance that I don't have annotated there. It drops inside the upper portion of that gap and then the next one we open up, touch the high of it and one little tick outside of it and then crushes real real sharp. And then we go into then looking at how it needs to use premium sensitivity, which is when we're looking for something bearish, it needs to stay out of the upper half and only use the lower half. And then it accelerates to the downside. So, again, no market replay up here, okay? No market replay. As price was running up into it, I was trying to hit it as it was getting that little bit of heat on it. The next one here, same thing, trying to key off of when we're close to that price level there, using market orders, not limit orders. I could have done better with the the entries on limiting, but I didn't have any concern about getting all that perfect about it. I just wanted to make sure I got in it. And then here, same thing. We're trading up into the inversion fair value gap in the lower half, part of the bearish order block there. So, I went short 10, 10 more. These are micros. So, right now that would be the equivalent of two minis, which isn't all that significant. And then adding 10 more here, which is now is the equivalent to three minis, okay? And then once we went below this low here, watch right here. You'll see where the exit is there for 10 of them and then the final 10 right there at that low. I didn't want to fancy dance. I was going to try to do it right at the consequent correction of that wick plus one tick, but I was afraid that the the liquidity wouldn't wouldn't match up with my exit and then it would have been like this. It went there by price, but wouldn't let me out and then I'd have to get something out up here. That would that would bother me. So, I just made it obvious and said I'm just going to go right at the low right there. You can see it. So, that's that. So, that's the lunch macro as I taught it and you can see the logic is still there. It's not cherry-picking. It's not uh form-fitting. It's not trying to make some new logic with it. I'm using the same parameters all the time, okay? And I seen a couple people say, "I thought lunch begins at 11:30." Yeah, lunch time is 11:30 to 1:30 Eastern time. But I taught that the macro can start pulling back into the range earlier. And it can happen as early as 10:30. And that's simply me dividing the 10:00 to 11:00 hour in half and respecting the same type of thing that we had for uh forex when we were trading looking for the London close time frame. So, between 10:00 and 11:00, that's the profit-taking time of day. Same scenario. Same type of thing because that's what this is. We're looking for the lunch macro to afford you an opportunity to participate in a retracement. When this would inspire people to kind of like squeeze them out and force them to take their profits because they're going to think it's reversing. And many times and on bullish days, all this does is create a new buying opportunity, okay? And uh if you follow me on X, you probably seen one of my students FX Finesse or something. I maybe mispronouncing it. >> [laughter] >> He's actually a um um private mentorship student. And he actually went long in here. After I closed my short, he went long. So, again, that's that's a testimony to how the students can take my concepts and apply them individually. You have a unique model. You're not piggybacking on me. Um you're not needing to take a signal from me. You're able to find your own setups and find your own way in all this. So, it's very very encouraging as a mentor to see that type of stuff. And obviously the rest of the day, you know, it just starts to leaving and heading north still. And just kept on going higher and higher and higher in the day. We had a little bit of retracement in here. And now we're hit right at the 26,000 mark again. So, I guess in a way where we've already shown where the upside objective still reside by using the daily chart. Uh just be mindful that uh during the live stream tomorrow, I'll be looking for something to support the idea if we don't trade to them overnight, obviously. Uh if we trade to them, um I I don't I don't know what target I'll have to use. I'll have to look at the morning session like 7:00 and I'll tweet some things I'm I'm watching and then we'll go live again at uh 25 minutes after 9:00 Eastern time a.m. tomorrow. And I'll hang out with you until like 10:10 and we'll close it. So, hopefully this has been insightful to you. Hopefully it's uh it's inspiring you to continue studying the concepts I'm giving you away. And until I talk to you then, be safe.
