================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: ICT 2026 Futures Opening Range Tape-Reading \ April 14, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9mVorSyvR0
================================================================================

Good morning folks. Doing well. Let's share this over here on X so everybody knows. All right, a little bit of an audience now watching. So, it's a good morning. It is a good morning. So, if you were in attendance on Saturday that just passed and it was a live stream that I covered the importance of knowing what to look for, why I was anchoring to the suspension block, uh the key levels around that suspension block on the daily chart, comparing and contrasting it with the higher targets that were seen in one versus the other versus continuous contract versus the June contract. So, we're looking at June here. Um June had a target of 25,715 as a likely draw on liquidity. They use PPI number this morning to get to that objective. If you were following along yesterday on Twitter or X, I tweeted that um if I wanted to take it higher, like say I was making the market for ENQ opening up so significantly lower like we did on Sunday's opening. Um I I set a quiz out for some of you to study on X and asked according to the lecture notes that I teach with my TGIF scenario. TGIF is thank god it's Friday. It's not religious. It's just an expression we like to say in the states that you you worked all week long. You you finally made your way to the to weekend. So, let's watch. There we go. There's that run on that. Look at that. That's Philly. That's Phil Billy. So, sellside below here taken and that was the objective I told you to aim for on X. Uh, rather quick run down below that and then ripped back up in here. So, my question to you is, do you feel that this is an environment that you want to be a participant in? [laughter] The the lecture this morning is posttarget tape reading, not posttarget trading because I'm not trying to inspire you to take trades. We're watching price action. Everything I comment this morning, like every other time, is just meant to inspire you to study deeper on your own, okay? And see if there's any validity to the things I'm talking about. So on Saturday, I talked about how Let's take this lipstick off because it's already fulfilled. It's usefulness PPI low. Okay, so this is the low prior to 8:30 right there. So 8:30 news, they took that down here. Now the high that formed on PPI is in play. Okay, so they could take that as well. Just want to pull up regular trading hours real quick and we'll look at the premium gap opening. I take this liquidity annotations off because it's already accomplished the method as well. Keeping it real simple this morning. We had the target at uh 25,715 from Saturday's live stream. Okay. So you can go watch that stream after this one. Don't go looking at it now. The let me annotate this regular trading average opening range gap there. We'll come back to why that looks like that in a moment. Okay. The octants on and We are okay. So now we can go back down into electronic trading hours. How you doing today? Everybody happy? Everybody doing well. Hi right here. They disappear. So that's probably random too. Okay. So, whenever you have news, red folder news like today's PPI, last Friday's CPI, non-farm payroll, FOMC, um, for the life of me, I can't think of anything else that tells you how much I care about the reports. [laughter] I just look at the the um economic calendar and if it's a red folder event or a orange folder, so it's a high impact news driver or if it's a medium impact news driver, those create nice little obvious magnets on prices. It it's very polarizing for the high and low that's formed around these reports. Now, it goes without saying we hit our target that was brought to you by Saturday's live stream when we were looking at the June contract. So, let's watch a couple minutes on this. I'm going to go until around 10:10 and I'm going to close the stream so that way there's no tom foolery there. I'm not trying to, you know, bull shenanigans on you today. I just want to have it short and go right to it because it's already done what I wanted to see it do. Like it's already hit my targets. So the lecture premise today is once it hits your targets, why rush back in? Because the only reason why you're trying to do it is you're trying to get another sugar high. And as I posted this morning after the target hit, a few people already said, "All right, where's what's next? What's next?" Like they're crack addicts. And I get it. It's exciting. It's fun. But you have to be content with enough. Like we we did an amazing run yesterday and then completed it today. Like there's nothing there's nothing that says you have to get in and take anything now. Like there's nothing that says that. So, learning to be content with enough, learning to say, "Okay, I've done enough. It's panned out how I thought it should. The targets that I acquired from my analysis over the weekend, it traded to them. It traded in the direction I was looking for. It traded in the direction I outlined prior to the session opening yesterday. Everything was one-sided. Everything. So, it's delivered very strongly. So, while we have this bit of business on here, let's go back out to a daily chart. I'll add this back when we go back in the lower time frame should we need it. So, we were looking at this suspension block here. Okay. And I'm going to clear up a couple questions because I had some really ignorant people post some stuff that were that was vulgar. So, I don't want the vulgarity in the comment section. So, I'm going to I'm going to reply to you. Okay? That way, you have your answer and you've learned something today. the the the misnomer that a few of them were saying with a lot of super superlatives and sentence enhancers. If you watch Spongebob and raise children, you'll know what that means. There's an episode where they learn how to cuss. It's one of my favorite episodes. Not that I glorify cussing because it's not something I should do. Nobody else should do. It's kind of it's really poor speech, but you know, that's the language most of you can kind of agree on when I'm using it. So, I use that as a a medium and it is. So, it's not good, but it works. It's effective. It gets people excited. It gets people talking. And that's what I'm looking for. So, we had the high, the low, the higher high. That breaker is what we're focusing on. When I was going through the continuous contract and the June contract, I was telling you to look at the relationships of these highs inside this suspension block and in close proximity to that breaker. So, the first thing when I saw the chart when we were doing the uh the analysis and I open the chart up on the daily chart, the first day I mentioned this suspension block, it's because my eye jumped right to that. So high, low, higher high folding below that low. That validates that as a a bearish breaker. And then we see price action meandering around inside that like it does here. The wrong annotation, didn't I? I do that for you. You see we have our breaker highlighted there when we were trading up towards it over the weekend. This was Friday's trading here. Okay. So I was annotating in the June delivery contract this high here in reference to the suspension block the breaker. So the liquidity that we would be tagging or aiming for was this particular high here. So that high was a high of 25,715. You'll see that in Saturday's live stream. Okay. So we were talking about those things. Now the difference between the two is now if we go to continuous contract. I'm actually typing out continuous. Good grief. Oage folks it's creeping in. I don't know what to tell you. Here is Friday here. Now, look how closer we are in proximity to that high. Very, very close to that. And that high is not 715. It's 499. I'm sorry, 495 even. So, if you're looking for objectives, you're going to cycle through continuous contract and your delivery month contract. And if I'm teaching you low hanging fruit, which one are you going to side with? the one that's closest to market price. You're all making a big deal about how look at this. He's you're all going to forget and ignore that the suspension block ain't overlapping the same breaker in continuous contract and June contract. You've missed the point entirely. Once this has been arrived at as a point of focus where my attention is, then while we're below it and it's trading up, I'm looking for liquidity. All of this was is an anchor point to where should there be a large pool of liquidity without utilizing a heat map, a liquidity map, a gimmick or whatever. That's what I taught. That's what that whole lecture was. That's what it was all about. Most of you got it, but a few of you I don't know. I think it's just because you're looking for something to to crow about. But stick this up your ass today because it did exactly what I said. All targets, okay? stick it right up your ass and twist it nice and good because this is what it looks like when you know what the [ __ ] you're doing. So, when you leave comments, you're welcome to troll. I'll leave those comments there if you're trolling. But make it make sense because if you're going to completely ignore what I'm saying, I'm saving you the embarrassment of everybody coming at you. That that's what's going to happen. But if you see me do something incorrect or if you see me saying something out of pocket that isn't what I taught really, then you then you come come at me for that. If I'm calling it wrong, say, "Look, you got it wrong here." Good. Keep me honest like that. But you can't do that here. Again, the whole year's been like that. So again, I'm helping you out even though you're an [ __ ] the suspension block in agreement with the the breaker was just anchoring up reference point while we were moving up towards a premium. It's got to overcome this suspension block because what would this be initially as it formed? Just the same thing this was. It's bearish. So if I'm telling you I'm bullish and I'm looking for liquidity pools to aim for what am I going to be looking for? Higher targets on the continuous contract. It's this on the delivery contracts for um BA B AJ highlighted we have this 708.75 that's not 715. So there's there's a different degree of what we're looking for liquidity. I don't just have one target. I grade them higher and higher and higher as long as it continuously gives me feedback telling me the market's bullish. What? Look what I do. I tell you next level, next sellside in play. If we continuously go, that's the next level I'm looking for. That's what I That's how I use Twitter or X. If I'm not doing the live stream calling it out, I'll fill in those little gaps in my observations and send it to you like we're friends and I'm sending you a text message saying this is what I'm looking at. That's not an inspiration to buy or sell anything. It says that's where my next focus is. That's where the next hurdle is or the next rung on the ladder, higher or lower. Okay? So, go back and watch the stream again on Saturday because if you thought you understood what was going on, you you didn't. Obviously, most of you did and I congratulate you there. So, uh I want to talk about something real quick while we're still manning around the uh continuous contract. Let's strip everything off because I don't need anything. I can always do a fresh analysis, which I I'm going to do now because my targets have been met. So, today's review and I apologize last night. My wife wanted to go out for some Greek cuisine. So, we went there. We took our kids with us and it became in a whole family thing. So, I apologize. I intended to come back last night to do a bit of a review, but you have it now. So, if we take this and turn it into a weekly chart, whenever we have a nice long stretched out candlestick and it's one direction for the week, that's last week's. Okay, here's the present week. I teach TGIF. Now, that's thank God it's Friday. It's a little expression where they say for folks that work all week long, we finally get our two days of rest and recovery. Most of you look for reasons to spend all the money you earned and waste it. So, what I teach is that weekly range. If we measure that, okay, and we go into the settings, here's one of those chances where you can screenshot it. Okay, I'm going to turn all the settings off and I'll show you how I change it. When I'm looking for measurements for TGIF, I go to the 50 level and I simply do this. Take the five away and I put a 30 a three there for 30%. There's 30%. Now, what am I showcasing there? If you did not study the video that I have on my channel on YouTube, TGIF, okay, it's this TGIF. Thank God it's Friday. Our premise is algorithmically price tends to go back into its range on Thursday at 1 p.m. or up to the last final hour of trading on Friday. Now there's a whole lot of things that have to be implemented for you to determine exactly when it's going to start and it's not going to be accomplished in this discussion here. Okay? But I I will be teaching more on TCIF. But for now, just know that the initial lecture about it was how to expect it to have a a potential reversal intra week on Thursday going into Friday. And it usually retraces 20 to 30% of the weekly range because not every candlestick closes on the high and when it's when it's a bearish candle, not every candlestick closes on its low. So when we look for ranges like this, if it doesn't show 30% or just simply change it to a two, there's 20% of the range. It didn't that it didn't do that retracement. It didn't do it in a manner where the candlestick kind of looks like this. Let me see if I can draw this out. With a pencil and uh paper, I'm very artistic. I can draw pretty good. But with these little things here, it's it's not so apparent. [laughter] So, it would look something like that. Okay. And See, that's the best way of doing it. Okay, this is pissing me off. Let me just Usually you'll see something like that. Okay. And on a on a bullish range, whether whatever time frame it is, if it's bullish, it'll open at some price level, go down first, accumulate longs, and the same degree of dropping down, it does here, here's a little lecture on Judith swings. The same measurement you take from the open, it drops down when you're bullish and you're expecting it to be bullish. Whatever the highest portion of that drop down, that being the opening price dropping down to its low, whatever that range is, add it to the opening price. That is that is your smart money accumulation inside the daily range when you're bullish. You can still be a buyer here. Beyond that, I'm not trying to chase that. I'll look for something else in the day to get a a participation in. But the point is, generally what you'll see is when it's bullish, it'll open, trade down, then rally up whatever the high is that you're projecting. And we told you where those levels would be on Saturday. And we traded to two of them yesterday or three of them actually yesterday. And then today we finished out with the 7:15 target. So then it retraces off the high 20 to 30% of the the weekly range. So it would look something like this. Okay, so you're off the high, but you still closed higher than where you opened and certainly significantly above the low. So TGF is just capitalizing on the difference between the highest value high. It sounds like market profile, doesn't it? It's the It's not the value highest in that price run for the entire range of the week. So that weekly high whatever that value is up to Thursday 1 pm then you start make a general practice of this on Thursday at 9 at 1 p.m. Eastern time. Keep track of that high. If it keeps making higher highs then you just keep annotating the higher high but at 1 p.m. on Thursday start looking for that high to potentially see the intrae high which could be the weekly high. And then you start measuring what the lowest low was up to that. And then that's going to be an evolving level throughout the remaining portion of Thursday and then on Friday's trading. Not all the time. Generally you'll get a retracement up to 20% to 30%. On extreme cases it can go to 40%. But that 40% just look at that as an outlier. It's something that just might happen so rare. But just be aware of it. Okay. But 20 to 30% of a retracement intra week post 1 p.m. Eastern time on Thursdays going into Friday's close is a normal function. But if you ever see it not do so, the rules that I taught is this entire weekly range 30% of that right now it's showing 20 30%. We opened here and traded down to it and just just throw it a little bit. But then once that was complete, then it's rocket fuel. Okay. So, Dr. Tony, let's go into the one minute chart. I had to defer your greater detail response till we fulfilled our targets that was given on Saturday. uh during a trader roundup the other day. He was asking me about the hoping here. Is there anything to know why and how this is going to rip higher? Then we talked about the retracement in here. It didn't fulfill the full gap closure shown up here from this range to that. It's a that huge weekly new week opening gap. Look where we opened at for the week. Opened created down. This is 30% of the previous week's range. That's TGIF. So the rules I taught and this is not cherrypicking. I have a legion of people that listen to this as I taught it. And I didn't teach it this year. Okay? So that way you know it's not being pushed in, cherrypicked or whatever. Uh the logic is if you don't see the 20 to 30% retracement on the week of trading and the week closes without seeing that watch what happens on the following week's Monday. What's today? What's the day of the week today? Tuesday. So yesterday we opened at 6 p.m. We traded down to previous week's 30% retracement. That's TGIF deferred. Happened on the day it's supposed to. Went to it, meandered around a little bit, and then got above it. And then look what it uses there. See that? It rallies away. Never to be seen again. Never to be seen again. So that's another concept just to stick that up your ass, you trolls, cuz that stuff ain't found anywhere else either. But it's still the logic that sees these markets delivered to it. it's utilizing it. Okay? And if there wasn't something algorithmic about that, it wouldn't happen. So either buying and selling agreed, all the buyers and sellers got together, had a board meeting, okay? They all had to come to Jesus kumbaya bonfire sat around and said, "Listen, let's all work together to show a sensitivity around 30% of last week's range." Where is that logic anywhere? It's not. But that's what some of you will choke on and say, "It can't be an algorithm. It has to be something else." So either you're constantly moving the goalpost to try to defend the position that there is no algorithm or eventually you're going to have to subscribe to the idea that you don't have to like me. That's not important. That's not the important thing here. But look for these signatures and price action because it's not buying and selling pressure. [laughter] That's not what it is. It's something altogether different and it's rigged and you should be thankful that it's rigged to the gills. You should be thankful that it has these things because this is what makes it advantageous to trade. If you don't know these things, you're [ __ ] guessing. That's the truth. I don't care what you use. That's it. That's the truth. You're guessing. And you got lucky with happen stance with just the right leverage and it worked out in your favor. Just like some people going to the casino. Sometimes people win. That's why they make it a big spectacle. Lights are flashing, sirens going off because they know you've been sitting there throwing away money. You're ready to kill yourself on that last dollar that you're ready to put in that slot machine. I'm going to go up to my room. I'm going to drink myself to death. I lost everything. My wife's going to kill me. And then all of a sudden, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. You see people screaming, holler. What is happen? What happens? Like a herd, they all run over there and they want to see the experience because they can't have it themselves. Oh [ __ ] my luck must be changing. Let me go to the ATM and get something else. And it revitalizes you to want to trade or in this case gamble. But the same thing happens here. So when you think you use some kind of logic that's outside of what I'm teaching, and this is going to sound very narcissistic, and I I hope it does because I want you to be challenged by it. I want you to go through what I'm teaching, and I want you to shoot holes through it because you're not going to find it taught anywhere else. So you can give up on that. You're not going to get the $5 million there, okay? But I want you to shoot holes through it to see if these things don't in fact hold up that they deliver precisely as I taught them over and over and over again every week, every day. And it will not stop. Lighten up. Enjoy yourself. Pull up some charts and start studying because it's going to be there. You're going to see it. All right. So, let's see. We're in the continuous contract uh on a one minute chart. We've really pushed this thing into um a bit of a premium here. So, when we start seeing these multiple highs, you have high, higher high, high, higher high, higher high, lower high. If we lose this low here, it could accelerate and go for this area in here. I like the idea of it trading back down into that. Let's uh that off and then we'll go into MES real quick. Look at that. Whenever I see that type of stuff like this where it looks like blunt lows and they're all real close to one another, this to me, I'm not saying it has to go straight there to it right now, but I like this. So, if you're a S&P trader and you're looking through the lens of the micro, which is what you should be doing because the volatility is off the chain right now, you should have these annotated. Okay, so this is a nice big pool of sellside liquidity about 20 handles or so away, which is significant really when you're looking at S&P tends to be a little bit slower than NASDAQ. NASDAQ tends to exaggerate the runs. And then we'll look at the hooker. A lot lizard. Dow. Some of you asking, "What's a lot lizard?" >> Oh man. A lot lizard is somebody that uh is basically a prostitute that roams through trucking stops or truck stops. And for the guys that run those big rigs, you know, they're lonely on the road. So when these women and sometimes men come knocking, they'll knock on the uh don't bark girls. It was daddy. It was daddy. They uh they solicit themselves and the nickname they've had given to them is a lot lizard. So that's what the Dow is. It's a lot lizard. It's a cheap floozy and it's not and that's not in women only. I've seen some men that still still do those tricks too and [laughter] it's it's pretty crazy. In fact, we were looking at it when we we drove down to uh Florida during uh Resurrection Week and in one of the truck stops even at what's it called? Bunkies. Bies. Bies. It's got like a beaver or something close like that as a mascot. It it was it was going on there like and I was like, man, even in a place like this, as busy and hustling and bustling as it is, it was still they were doing it. It was crazy. I know you learn so much when you get on these live streams. So here's the Dow and Dow. Look at how Dow took out that low there. That's a little bit aggressive. And then at the same time, let's go back through MAS. See that SSMD divergence. So MNQ nice rip lower. So it wouldn't be so prominent as a S&T divergence only because it's the Dow. So I like the fact that it's showing that just in the Dow because then it means a little bit more of a draw on MEES. So we're seeing the Dow make that lower low and Q make the lower low down here. But then S&P said, "No, I'm not doing that." So, this could be a draw on liquidity, but it may require trading into the week deeper. Long story short, have that liquidity pool annotated. When you're trading NQ, if you're being a specialist on that index, it's important to know what these levels are on like S&P. I don't care so much about the Dow because the Dow can do many things apart from these two major averages again because the waiting is different. There's 30 stocks that make up the Dow versus 100 stocks that make up the NASDAQ composite index and then 500 stocks that make up the S&P. So, by having these key levels of draws for potential liquidity on ES and if you're not even trading ES, like I'm not predominantly an ES trader, like I don't tend to trade it. It's it's only when I'm being asked by students, say, "Can you can you do it on ES? Can you show something on ES?" Because they watch me do NQ, but they're trading ES instead of saying they're going to trade NQ. They feel frustration because they they're not seeing what they want to see in their own index. Because I'm trying to keep my focus on one particular market. And I'm also teaching that skill set to developing students. And for the people that have been with me and are still struggling, by narrowing your focus to one market, it helps it it great. It does a great deal in terms of controlling your expectations and your attention span needs to only be focused on one particular market. It doesn't mean you were not cross referencing it with the other one like we're doing here with the Dow, the ES, and then NASDAQ by itself. But when we see these really strong pools of liquidity, even if you're an NQ trader, if NQ starts to drop but stops and doesn't go any lower, but the S&P is running lower but doesn't take this low out year, many times what'll happen is the S&P will stop and start consolidating a little while and then it allows for NQ to catch up. So you can use it for a delayed timing for NQ to get in sync with what's going to be taking place on S&P. And again, I'm not saying it's happening today. This is nice. This is a very, very nice pool of liquidity to reference beyond today. So if you goes higher, say it goes higher today and we don't even come back down into this area. Knowing what these key levels are in markets that are closely correlated, they help you kind of like SMT in a way where it it it creates a drag on the other ones. So, think not S&T, I'm sorry, I said that wrong. Uh, six sister. Okay. So, when we're looking for a weak market across the three averages, you're looking for ideally shorting in the the the weakest one because it's going to have very little retracements against you. it does is going to be very muted. It's going to be stilted and and reduced to a minimum versus the stronger market that's saying I'm making higher highs and it's making higher lows. If you're looking for going short in that, it's going to have many times more consolidation time distortion and deeper retracements. Whereas the market that's making lower highs and breaking lows, that market's going to have a lot of freedom to trade lower. And any retracements is going to be very short-lived. It won't be a lot of deep retracements in that one because it's the six sister. So by blending those ideas when you're looking at things like this in S&P where it doesn't exist in NQ. So again, look at this area here, how smooth that is versus MNQ. See how sharp and jagged it is down here? So, if this thing starts to roll over and drop down, number one, if it takes out that low, that's indicating near-term bearishness, which is okay. It's not I'm not trying to call the top in the market. But we've we've moved up considerably. Like, let's go back to a daily chart. Tuesday, Monday of last week. Okay, so here's Monday. We had a low of 23,981 and look where we're at now. It's crazy, right? That's a lot of range. That's an enormous amount of range. So, it's reasonable to see we had one, two, three, four, five, six, seven up closed days and we've taken liquidity. It's okay for it to give back a little bit. Even if it's intraday, it's okay. It's healthy. It's normal. But ultimately, as I was saying, because we're moving closer and closer to that May new Fed chairman, that's what they want to upset. That's too clean. And they're in a rush to get up there to get that. And if we get there, you know, I don't see that as a top. I see that as it dropped down to clear all the sell side and I just wanted them to take that area over there too. So I was off there. I got this one to that was good enough for government work, right? But uh this is certainly in play. So we can have some deep retracements. We can actually revisit this too and that still would keep a healthy price run still intact to get to these levels up here. But it just seems like they're in a like break neck speed urgency to get up here and knock these people out that have shorts on. Imagine if you're short up here. You've been sitting in all this, you know, run down here. You got fat cat riches deep pockets and you're seeing it rip off like this on a daily chart, mind you. Like it's covering a lot of ground quickly. So for it to just to get here and peter out and run out of steam really doesn't make any sense to me because if they're in that much of a hurry to get up to here and they're so close to this like all they got to do is have you two two tweets from Trump [laughter] and it's going there. Okay. And that's just it. That's the way it's that's that's the way the market's operating right now. It's highly highly manipulating. So back down into it on a one minute chart. All right. So I was saying earlier you how it's making that high higher higher high a higher higher high and then now a lower low and now we've taken that low out. Liquidity rests right in here. See that? So if we go below the sell high here, keep going to the left. What do you run into that wick? So that's what you want to grade. That's the range that's going to be pertinent to any retracement into that sell side. So how far can it go below the sell side? Should it should it go there? That's the information you're getting when you do this. Some of you are like anxious right now. You're like, man, like I want to know what it's going to do next and tell me a new setup cuz you got a sugar high right now. You've seen how on the larger time frame, the daily chart. Another post a guy said, uh, please use higher time frames. Um, I'm showing daily charts. Like, what do you want me to do? Trade with weekly charts? Come on now. I mean, everything I've done since Saturday was was based on daily charts. So, I mean, I don't know what to tell you. I if if you're afraid of the lower time frame, one minute chart or less than, you got to get over that fear. You don't have to stay in that time frame to trade, but it's it's useful information. So anyway, let's get back into this. So we have this nice drop down in here. Okay. And we made our way below the low of that there. So now what I'm looking at is does this inefficiency between here and here. Does that hold any control over price wanting to go higher? So I'm looking at the bodies in the upper half. If it can get outside of that, that's problematic for continuation going lower near-term. It doesn't mean anything long term. It just means that reading price action the way it is right now sell side is here and it's in close proximity to that low too below this low this wick if you grade it midpoint consequent encroachments here so it could if it wants to drop down for the sell side in here it could touch consequent encroachment let's with this wick here risk This in here becomes potential inversion. So now it's outside of it. You watch it like this and buy side here. Watch this little separation as well because if we get above that on a body basis, it might use as a foothold to spring up into that that low there. I'm sorry, not low. Good grief. Hi. Somebody's asking, "What did you eat last night?" That was It's Greek. I I do very simple. I do grilled chicken on a pa, one pa with tziki sauce. It's a cucumber sauce. My wife does all kinds of stuff. All kinds of Greek salad and whatever. My daughter eats all the squid octopus stuff. I I can't I can't if it's going to fight me going down. I I'm not I'm not trying to have Mortal Kombat while I'm eating. It's like the Japanese. They go out and they have they eat those live octopus they wrapped around uh the chopstick and they go to town trying to eat it. Yeah. If it's trying to grab, you know, on my esophagus on the way down, if it's still fighting me, I'm not trying to eat it. Okay. So, watch this wick in here. If it can't even touch the consequent encroachment midpoint of that and rallies that strength, this one here, it opened traded down into the inversion there. And we didn't so far at this moment have not touched the consequent course of that wick. So, what I'm showing you here is when I get my targets and they they hit, what do I do with my time? If I'm not going to completely walk away from the charts, if my wife and I don't have plans, then I'll just study. And this is all I'm doing here. I'm looking for continued, you know, feedback, intel. What is it doing now that it has hit my targets? I'm not trying to be bearish, but I'm looking for indications that it may not need to go any higher during the rest of this morning. We could have retracements. So, I'm looking for evidence to support that. So far, it's not showing that. We're seeing the foothold aspect here after using it as an inversion value there and the buy side being there. read my mind when I was asking myself what is he eating at the Greek cuisine. Once it hits this uh buy side, should it do so, you would screenshot that and then you would break that down in here and you would look at like this. So if we did this to that level there, let's not use that color. We you would screenshot and utilize that as a lower time frame. Well, we're in a moment chart. So, what do we what are we referring to? 30 second or 15 second chart wick here. The body needs to stay above that for continuation to the upside. And there's your run on liquidity. Okay. So now by screenshotting this in this time frame. So you would just screenshot it, take it over to your medium, whatever it is that you use to collect your charts for journaling, your study journal. And now in the lower time frame, we'll drop down into a 30 secondond chart. You can see all the things I'm talking about still holds true. It trades down to the inversion fair gap comes back up. Now look what the bodies are doing here. Once we get in the upper half, the way I teach real institutional order flow, you don't need gimmicks. You don't need to go into any kind of paid services. None of that stuff. None of that stuff is required. Once this occurs, that closes above the halfway point of that gap. The bodies need to stay out of the lower half. Is that complicated? Because it was not we're not changing the logic now. It's never changing. It's always staying constant. The body's close is right there on the on the midpoint. The buyers and sellers agreed. We open slightly higher than halfway and then the body closes on the high end of it. Is that buying and selling agreeing? I mean, think about the the the the mental gymnastics you have to use to make this make sense with buying and selling pressure. the randomness of buying and selling. Okay? And then we open here and run out of it. And then the run from that low here to here is now measuring all of the wicks on the downside. The discount wicks, this wick here, we didn't even touch the midpoint here. We did touch it. We traded through it, but the bodies are not touching at all. So, they're above it. So, that's institutional order flow is still maintaining bullishness. Price runs up, falls just short of the high. Little bit of a retracement's okay. It comes back down. What's it retracing inside of that fair value gap? That fair value gap, it can overshoot that and still touch that gap's high. It doesn't. That's immediate feedback telling you that it's still bullish. The market rallies up, takes out that short-term high here, and then runs and you watched it clip that buy side. We traded back down to that fair value gap here, and we're seeing a little bit of sensitivity there. Watch this little gap here. with the volume and bounce. Once you start getting into the habit of doing this, it's rather fun because you're looking at price action and you're getting a feel for it. You're getting in sync with it. And notice how it didn't even come back down to it there. That's strong. That's very strong. and it came up make a higher high. [snorts] And you can view this also through the lens of a 15-second chart. And it gives you a whole lot more feedback on a very very small time frame. Look at this wick here. Let's go encouragement would be just just about that midpoint of that gap. We trade down to it here. The body stay away from it. They use it here. Rally up. And by collecting these types of snapshots of proof of real institutional order flow visually represented by a candlestick. Okay, you don't need to know how many people bought at a particular price because I'm replacing that concern which is really a myth. Okay, think about it. You're attributing because so many people bought here in a supposed point of control or a value area high or a value area low. Okay, you're you're just defining a range. That's all that is. Okay, a value high and a value low on market profile. You're saying that this is what I'm working with and that's all I'm doing. Okay. Well, what do you think I'm doing when I'm saying this is the range low that it's formed and I think it's going to go above this high here because that's where buyside is. So what we've done is we created a value area low without any [ __ ] and a value area high with any [ __ ] No [ __ ] required. And there's liquidity above these highs and below these lows. Okay? If you measure this range from this low to that high, you'll get an equilibrium price point. Watch. Look how watch how easy this is. It's free. Watch this. The fib setting absolutely free. Here's halfway. Okay. Or equilibrium. It trades above it here and then in this one candlestick it comes right back down to a level I already told you to watch that range right here. Well, I was done on a one minute chart. Let's be fair, Michael. No, don't beat them up too bad. Sellside of balance buy efficiency. If we trade above it, that's a potential inversion. It trades to it here. This is equilibrium. How much did that cost you? It's no advantage. There's no advantage in looking at that value area high, value area low. Now, if you don't know how to define a a range to deal inside of, okay, or define where liquidity is resting how I teach it, then I could see how that could give you an elementary basis to to start with. But to say that's what the market uses and that's all there is, that's horshit because I'm never using that stuff. I'm never considering any of that stuff. But yet I'm telling you where the market's going to go on a daily chart, 15-second chart, 5-second chart, 30 second chart, one minute chart, 15 minute chart, 17 minute chart, 32 minute chart, 57 minute chart. [laughter] Come on now. So it's it's a religion. That's all it is. Like everything else in retail trading, they they they make all these mental yarns around the idea and they create this mysticism and it's none of it has anything to do with why the market's going to go up or down. But you're just framing a religion around what you're going to believe in. You believe that that that low that value area low, if it trades outside of it, you might be considering bullish entries if it gets back inside of the value area. Okay, that's a turtle soup. We don't need any of your value area high and low. We don't need that [ __ ] We already knew where that liquidity was, where it traded to. We don't need a value area low and high. We don't The real point of control is watching where these fair value gaps form and the wicks and the consequent corrosion of them. That's the real point of control. And you're seeing it visually being represented here in a simple open, high, low, and close candlestick that everybody has access to. You don't have to pay for a service to use them. There's no indicators applied to anything over here. There's no indicators, no nothing. No hidden ones, nothing highlighted, nothing. It's just price around time. And that should inspire you. It should make you feel comfortable that you don't have to have all these gimmicks because trading has always been like that. I spent fortunes on [ __ ] buying up supposed indicators, buying up uh supposed black box, black should this, black should that, you know, option uh premium, you know, things that tell me which which option to buy or sell. You know, I I I wasted all kinds of money on that [ __ ] All kinds. And none of them delivered what I'm teaching you. None of them. And it's just it's financial suicide for companies to even mention my [ __ ] name because I'm going to rip your [ __ ] apart. I'm going to tear it apart, roll it up in a spliff, and smoke it publicly and pass it around, and we're all going to laugh at you. Just like the movie Carrie, we're all we're all going to laugh at you, okay? So, just settle down and stay in your own lane. If you believe in your [ __ ] go ahead, believe in it. But you're not going to come here and say your stuff is superior because it ain't ain't is not superior. I'm out here casually, just casually pulling out this is where the next run's going to be. This is how it'll happen. This is what you're looking for. Think about it. It's just that simple. But do you see the setup that you would see if you wanted to put on a demo quote unquote my little quotations in the air? Your demo trade. Do you feel inspired to put a demo trade on with the things I'm showing over time? You might in your own hands seeing it happen over and over and over again. You'll be inspired to do that type of thing. And you'll determine where and when that occurs. I never say, "Yep, it's time for you to start trading." Because I'm not teaching trading here. I'm teaching you how to read price action correctly with statistical probabilities of it repeating more times than it doesn't in a live stream with the lowest latency, no delayed data. I'm not bending the [ __ ] that Ninja Trader used to be able to uh let I'm not sure if they can still let you do it, but you could be streaming with a delay data. Yeah, we caught people doing that. And that's fraud. That's what that is. That's [ __ ] fraud. And that's jail time in my opinion. You should be going to [ __ ] jail trying to sell something pretending that was real. Okay? Because that ain't real. But you got [ __ ] to talk about me, right? Jokers. All right. So, um I'm going to cruise through the markets real quick. I've already spent more time than I'm supposed to. I'm just going to go through the averages real quick and then I'll wish you all a very pleasant day. All right. All right. So, here we have MEES. I'm sorry, MEES. We're going to pull up now. Okay. Smooth and higher up. Just keep that level here and this level here. So, let's just do it on my own chart. That way, you know what I have on mine. We'll use that one. These colors will change. I'm just doing it real quick to to move through. and then M YM. Okay, the averages are confirming one another. So, we have market breath in in concert with higher prices. That's al still go. It's it's still good rather. And one more quick pass through to the daily chart on MNQ. Look at that Viagra much. So, here we have you can see where they want it, right? I mean, it's it's pretty obvious they're trying to get it up there. That's what she said. I have liquidity there. So, un unless, let's say it this way, unless we take out consequent encouragement of this imbalance here, we'll just call it that, okay? That price right there, rough eyeballing it. As long as we're above that, this is where ICT believes we're going. Okay? And you carry that same logic across all the other averages. Okay? Wish you a very pleasant day and until I talk to you tomorrow, Lord willing, be safe.
