================================================================================
PLAYLIST: 2026 ICT Smart Money Concept Lecture
VIDEO: ICT 2026 Futures Opening Range Tape-Reading \ April 13, 2026
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Il_DM4T7nzg
================================================================================

Good morning, folks. How are you? Hope you're doing well. Hope you had a nice weekend. Wait, I hear the old man. So, we're going to be looking at I'm in Q this morning. I'm looking for uh obviously you potential for continuation to try to get that gap closure. Whether or not we get that entire gap closure remains to be seen. Uh over the weekend we had the peace negotiations fall through. So gap risk came in like a lion, no pun intended. the uh it got lower, significantly lower. And as I mentioned, I had a level I was interested in. It was annotated on my live stream this Saturday. Uh should we get bearish this week, I was going to look for that as a as a draw, but they opened it up right there on Sunday's opening. So, you can't really do much with that. So, what I have here is I have everything set up. Everything's anchored to trading hours, opening range, gap, high. Uh when I get the opening price here at 9:30, I'm simply going to just drag the fib down to get the actual consequent encouragement. And I'll annotate the uh the opening price at 9:30 here in about 18 seconds or so. I'm keeping my focus just to the regular trading hours opening range gap for today and new week opening gap. Okay, so there's that subsequent encroachments here just above the upper quadrant of the we go gap. Take down the thickness on that just so it's a little bit more palatable. So here two two levels suggesting potential upside there. Not willing to do anything as of yet right now. So a lot of sentiment in the marketplace because of where we're opening up. A lot of the street money is seeing this opening price at at 9:30 is significantly lower than where we settled at last week. So, keeping things real slow, not trying to make a quick knee-jerk reaction judgment, but still observing just to see if there's a a vested interest to get up into that half gap. Uh, this level simply just consequent encroachment of that wick. I was watching it preession. It's interesting how it got above it, came back down, used it there as a discount sensitivity. Right to the tick would have liked to seen something like this occur like in the first 15 minutes or so of trading today. Uh but we've just really just extended leading up to the 9:30 opening. So, it kind of it creates a a lower probability. And I mentioned this on X this morning right before starting the stream about about I don't know five or six minutes or so, something like that after 9 first few minutes of uh trading today. I I'll I'll let them have it. So, for the folks that want to know what do I have on my notepad, okay, it's the levels you see in the chart right now. Okay, that below here, all these levels here that are highlighted with the little annotations next to the line, that's what I have on my notepad. That's it. Okay. So, we've created a minor buy side here. Encroachment has yet to be traded, too. Still have time for that to happen. Uh, minor sell side is here. I'm neutral at the moment. So, I don't I don't have one way or the other. I'm in observation mode. So, for the folks that like to keep score on he got it wrong or he said both sides of the marketplace. I have no side of the marketplace right now. I'm waiting. This is minor cell side. Not going to annotate the high just you know what that is. I'm looking at these two levels here. And what I'm looking for specifically is should we trade to consequent encroachment? Does it accelerate through it and get a full gap closure? Because if we get a full gap closure, I think we'll still go higher after that. So you see how my my idea and my sentiment shifts as the price action develops in the first couple minutes at at some point you know in the morning there are stages or frameworks that doesn't really afford me much to go on. So I have to sit here and watch price action to get a feel for what it may or may not do. Uh but one of the things I am really interested in to see if we do get to that consequent encouragement level and that's the opening range gap for regular trading hours. If we get to that and go through it, uh full gap closure obviously would be the next expectation, but I would expect it to then go through all the way. But it has to get to this level first. Okay. [snorts] than logic. What happens if it does XYZ? It's not what I'm looking for. So, it would be a move that I would not participate in. See how easy that is? It's very disarming, isn't it? [laughter] It's disconcerting for some of you because you want to be in something right now because we're watching price action. So, tell us what it's going to do, where it's going to go so I can put my trade on, and I won't I won't tell you about it. So, I'm looking at this small little gap in here. Even though it's prior to uh 9:30 opening, uh if we get below that this with this this little range in here, that could be a a potential issue for a deeper retracement intraday. The first opening minutes what I said Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. That's when we're going into the entries. Okay. I didn't say Monday we're doing it. Oh, but you said go back and listen to that live stream. You'll hear me say Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. All right. So, keep your eye on what's this uh what's the opening price on this candlestick? 13 quarter close 13. So, we have a volume imbalance in there. And we have that same type of thing absolutely occurring there. So let's look at it like this. We have this little inefficiency include the line balance in this one here. If you can can shake off these, it need it would need to go back above both of them for me to anticipate a run into consequent encouragement. Otherwise, right now, this is most likely going to be a catalyst for running minor sellside. So immediate rebalance to the low here on this candlestick. Overs a little bit up a little bit. both sides of the market could be interpreted today at the very moment and that's usually not high probability. So I like to see things that are so one-sided that it's obvious we can point to this is where it's going to go and watch this PD, watch that PD, right? But when you have conditions that are 50/50 iffy, okay? Or if your interpretation is such, then what do you do? You start framing out logic that would support one side of the marketplace over the other. And you start studying to see which does it do? Does it support the idea or is it basically saying I'm not interested in doing that? When it does things like this where it forces us to watch both sides and see if there's something that could be in play, if one starts to show a willingness to support price action, that's when you'll start to see the shift in sentiment become more cleaner and price action will start adhering to the other side of what you may have been initially testing. Like as I drew these out here, we were in this area here. I said, "Watch this one. This could lend the framework to look for a run into minor cellside and I mentioned this one here so far. Is this one acting as inversion fair value gap? No. So what is that supporting the idea of it? Well, you have to at least give it a chance to try to utilize this one here which makes it what? It makes it difficult to frame a trade an entry and also define the risk. So what do you do in that case? You sit still just wait for more information. It can just drop right out of here and go right to the sell side. It would be a move that I didn't participate in. It can go straight up from here. It would be a move I didn't participate in. That's not a loss. You're not trying to trade every tick and every fluctuation. You're looking for the things that make the most sense. That's one-sidedness. And then you're keying off of that logic. Now, so far, this in here is very close to with the bodies where they were. If they stay like this, then it could wilt and go towards that low and accelerate down to the minor sell side. Bottom of my head per I prefer it actually to get to this level here and kind of like throw a middle finger up to the faces of everybody that wants to be short because it just looks like they baited it with Sunday's opening. Uh look how fast it moved off of that and and went higher. So, I I'm I'm not terribly convinced that we're bearish entirely for the day, but I'm looking for reasons to justify that assumption. Since you have this little wick right here, watch the midpoint of that because if it trades down and the body goes below this on a closing basis, that would indicate the likelihood of an acceleration to the downside. but it would need to need to get there first. So those are those little mile markers we're looking for when price runs are unfolding. It provides the catalyst for expecting speed, magnitude, distance. If it were bearish, okay, if it were bearish, it would need to start showing its hand lower here. So far, the the bodies are just a little bit outside of like this one here is just a little bit outside of it. This one's showing a willingness to support the idea of running to sellside here and here. But this candlestick and the very next candlestick would you would have to demand its immediate response to go lower. If it shakes it off and goes higher, then you're going to have to watch this imbalance there. I have the video uh stream live streaming at the lowest latency. So when I'm saying something, it's literally seconds before you get it. So it's not like a delay here. So you see what it did because it didn't do that. Now consequent encroachment becomes stronger in play. If this gets above this imbalance here, this won't act as a inversion fair value gap. It'll act as a reclaimed bullish fair value gap. If it trades above it on a closing basis, comes back down, then you would have to watch and see if that lower half keeps price at bay. [snorts] So when markets start off with an a lower probability, there's a whole lot more of the if then else. If it does this, then I'm going to look for that. If it does this, I'm going to look for that. But if it does something altogether different, then you sit still or potentially look for a reversal. Now, that's the reason why I teach looking for one-sidedness when things are so overwhelmingly one-sided. That's how I teach you to look for setups in low probability conditions like this, they're not easily discerned. So that's the benefit of sitting here like this on days like this because it gives you real world over-the-shoulder view of interpreting price action that is not so easy for the brand new students. And it also gives you the the permission to sit still because a lot of you never never get that from all these other teachers. They they just want you doing something all the time. Well, let's see if this works. I'm going to try this. You ever hear these live streamers? They say, "I'm going to try a short here. I'm going to try a long." That right there is your indication they have no idea what they're talking about because if they're going to try something they have there's no conviction there. What are you in court? You getting tried? [laughter] It don't make any sense. Right? Said see what he did here. Wicks wick strong body in here. Still, even though it looks like it's trying to paint the idea of it moving lower, I still wouldn't touch it here. Now this upper half of this would need to start showing ability to repel price. Other words, this this inefficiency here that line into above it inside the little area right here that would need to keep price from going higher on the body. It can wick to it, but it'd be better if it didn't do it at all. Just just touch the low of it here and maybe wicked in just the lower half and then accelerate down the sell side. when we get into Wednesday and Thursday and Friday, I'll outline uh the structure that we use for or let me say it this way that I use for uh validating actual participation in the marketplace. Whereas right now there's a whole lot of uncertainty. I I don't care so much about being a part of these types of moves because it could literally go either way. It's on the heels of a event driven opening you geopolitical all this focus on you know Iran and the hero straight and all that business. Some of you younger guys try to say it doesn't have anything to do with me. I'm not interested. Just give me a trade. I'm trading my my this or that. It's going to have a heavy weight and influence on price action whether you like it or not. So at this point once we clear that little tiny little low right there it should you jump down here like in one candle try to move to that level there to take that sell side. This is too small of a range because it's part of this consolidation here. We had this little drop down. The real liquidity would be posted below that. And what you're looking at is this low to that high, that fair value gap, but incorporate the lower half of this gap. So, two things have to agree. If it wants to continue going lower, it cannot drop a body in the upper half of this inefficiency here. It can come back and touch the low of that candlestick right there for immediate rebalance. It can touch the low of that gap right there. That's permissible. This in and of itself is institutional orderflow entry drill. Just going into it like that, then accelerate to the downside. That would be the strongest showing for bearishness today. Watch the wick here. My eyes watching the midpoint of that. I want to see the body stay below that and if it takes out that low that bodess well for a run below that low there too. So we're constantly getting feedback of what candlesticks are showing at the moment and trying to discern whether or not there's a continuation you know or follow through for what's being posted recently. So is the current candlesticks justifying continuation. When the markets are more one-sided, you wouldn't see these like it's almost like a reluctance on the part of price to try to get down below that minor sell side. It would have already done it, cleaned it, and probably went down even to the next quadrant or gradient level. But because there's a lot of sentiment in the marketplace right now, there's a whole lot of uh trepidation. Uh there's no look at that move here. See that? That's how I was saying it. Okay. Any other day it would just cleanly done it. They take it real close to it, gets straight to the midpoint of this wick here, stops there, and then goes back up in. So, it makes it more difficult to frame risk. So, if you're having a difficult time in framing risk, that means where your stop loss is going to go. It's probably more likely that you should sit still because you're probably going to be wrong. And look at look at the damage that was done there. It can look like you want it to look, but if you don't know what I'm teaching, what are problems? What are things that should or shouldn't happen. I was telling you this candlestick as it was coming down, it should have already took that low. It didn't do it. It didn't do it. Now we're using this inefficiency here. Consequent encroachment tagged. Full gap closures in play. It's rhyme and reason as to what I'm doing. But only only the people here that want to learn, they're going to hear it. The young kids that want to get a clear buy, sell, stop, target. That's not what I'm spoon feeding here. I'm teaching you how to read price action in difficult times. So that way you can see the warning signs. Again, what I want to see is, as I indicated at the beginning of the stream, gone to my head, I wanted to see consequent encouragement taken out, full gap closure, and then accelerate through the gap and move to the upside, not just gap closure go lower. I'm I'm not interested in seeing that because if it can do what I'm explaining by going above regular trading hours opening range gap previous settlement close which is 414 p.m. Eastern time from last Friday. If it can do that, that bodess well for those daily highs on the daily chart, the relative equal highs I was telling you about because I think that's what they're going to aim for. There's your full gap closure. Knowing why you should do it, when you should do it, when the risk is undefined or it's greater than it should be. uh when you're met with more decisions that's necessary to take a a high probability lowrisk entry, you're going to learn over time that the easiest trades that are one-sided that are just absolutely perfect for one directional runs, that's high probability, they're going to have immediate feedback to once when you get in them. They're going to immediately run in your favor. They're not going to hem and haul and you spend too much time in a specific location. They're not going to spend a lot of time inside your PD arrays. They're going to respect the PD arrays perfectly as I teach them. And that's your biggest warning sign. If you can see the PD arrays in price action and they're not really adhering to the logic that would be implemented with them as I teach it, that's usually indicative of a lower degree of probability in your favor. So therefore, is that an invitation to do the maximum leverage on your funded accounts? [laughter] No. But you see so many people out there doing that and knowing what you should be looking for. What are warning signs? You seeing it over low latency like I'm showing you here in the live stream, explaining how any other day this would have already taken sellside. It would have already done that and it was reluctant to do so. And then in one fell swoop, boom, it ran up real quick. There was no escaping that. If you would had a stop loss anywhere in that range to that high, it would have been gone. So, knowing these things, your 20-year-old mentors, they don't teach that stuff, okay? They don't know. They don't even know what they're talking about most of the time. So, by having someone explain over real price action what it looks like when it's solid, when it's really strong, it's one-sided, you've heard me do do those things in live stream. And you're also seeing it when it's not so clean, when it's not so perfectly distributed, when the candlesticks may be looking a certain way, but there's warning signs. There's like there's that crack in the armor that shows you there's a weakness here. Be be aware of it. And the fact that we were not willing to drop down like that at a time when it should have, that was your warning sign that this was coming. Just so happens it happened too fast for me to comment on it, but it was leading into that. Otherwise, why was I even mentioning it? Right? So, we have full gap closure. Uh we have rejection block here. I'm going to watch and see if we do anything with that. We have a larger pool of sellside liquidity here. If Phil wants to really run the gambit on everybody, he could take it all the way down, disrupt all this as well, and then still go higher for the day and take out the opening range gap high. Me personally, since he's playing this dirty, I would do it because now anybody that's in this or chase that, where's they're gonna where they going to put their stop loss? Right below that low. And if they're going to take that low, where's the low that was initially outlined there. So, we have a larger pool of liquidity that has now been engineered in the form of sell stops, sellside liquidity, and also sell orders to be short if it breaks out below these lows. So he has a whole lot of book right below this. Okay, look at your bubbles. Okay, you guys are using those heat map type things. Look at these levels in here. You should see I don't have it. Okay, I I don't know if you have that kind of stuff. Screenshot it and and tweet it to me so that way the people that don't have it, they can see if if what I'm saying has any relevance or not. But there should be a little bit more prominent little bubbles for liquidity at these levels here or just between the two of them. There's one that should be building above this high as well simply because we had this drop down. It should be a little obvious little annotation to your heat map, your liquidity map, your whatever map. and not needing that stuff is is a huge win for someone that's struggling in the beginning because you want to have tools that you think you can base your your decision making going your decision making should be based on reading price action first and if you understand how to read price action how traders are going to engage with price how they're going to trade how what what methodology are they using that's why it's beneficial to read books like uh the technical analysis the financial markets by John Murphy while most of that stuff I attack in my analysis. It's good to know it because that's predominantly what everybody thinks about. I mean, it's you have these kind of like these little groups, these little nerd groups where you they talk about volume profile and VSA and Elliot wave and white golf. There's all these little factions that has been created beyond that book. But uh by far and large you're going to see that most of the time the market goes against the logic that's in that book. And by knowing what their weakness is by their interpretation style, it affords you the ability to be counterparty to that. Now by building a pool liquidated like this in the form of sellside side that again just for completeness sake it's not just simply the orders for stops that get tripped for anyone that's long or stops that get tripped for people that want to go short. It's also it's disrupting algorithms that look for those types of engagements where below the low they could run and sell short on weakness. But those order there not orders there yet. So when I say sellside liquidity, it's not limited to just pending orders. It's not just that, okay? It's just the fact that there are for for instance, look at this way. How many times have you looked at price action and you're not using a limit order, but you know if it takes out a certain low or a high, then you're going to look for something else to get you in. That's what an algorithm is doing. It's not going to engage simply because it goes below that low. It will start hunting and it trips them up. That's what's been going on for the last two and a half years since there's so much engagement in algorithmic uh models that's being implemented by large institutions and firms. They're cannibalizing them. That that's what's going on. So when you hear these people say, "Oh, when ICT talks about the sell side, it's not just sell stops. It's not sellside liquidity for sell stops. That's not what's going on. Listen, buddy. You don't know what you're talking about. You're you're forming a religion." Okay? What's actually occurring is is they're disrupting the the models that are being implemented algorithmically because soon as these loads are getting taken that algorithm they may be sitting dormant waiting for logic to to fire up and say now I'm going to be hunting shorts it's not going to be firing on the lungs because it's hunting shorts. That's what you don't know but you just found out this morning. The more you know. All right. So, we have this gap in here. If it wants to go higher, I would like to see it use this area in here like it's done so far with this with these bodies. I'd like to see it try to run take out that high. Any failure to drop down in here takes us back into this gap. Then it would need to use this as a bullish fair value gap. Nothing yet here today. I I would not have taken a trade yet. So I'm talking to you in the same vein that I'd be walking watching Price walking my son Kaden usually he's sitting next to me and I'm talking to him and I'm saying look this is what you want to see this is what dad doesn't want to see this I want to look at this I want to look at that I don't want to see it do these types of things so by exposure I'm teaching him what is permissible what what would frame a context that would allow for continued focus on today at some point. It may get to a point where I was like, I'm no longer interested because it's done something that I don't like and it would to totally change the the landscape of the morning session and I would just withdraw my interest and go do something else. And I would tell him, hey, look, when you feel that way, don't feel like you're going to miss a move because everybody on the internet, every one of my students feels like that. They feel like they're going to miss a move. Even if a move happens, they think that was the only move that's ever going to happen because you're emotionally and psychologically invested. So you're looking for some kind of a a reward, some kind of a achievement or participation award because you you were watching price. So you you should get something. Well, you are getting something. You're getting experience and that experience is going to pay dividends to you way beyond way beyond the the superficial one moment in time while you're watching price action. And that's what you're trying to accomplish. You're trying to get experience that's going to not only pay for your time watching price action at the time you're looking at price, but you're going to lean on that logic and that experience in future trades. And it's also going to be the rewarding factor of when you go into a period of draw down, say you do it wrong, you're going to have days where you do it wrong. You may have losing weeks because you're forcing too hard to to get something that's not necessarily required at the moment. you're placing your needs and wants over what the market's actually telling you. This is what should pan out. And if it has a high degree of probability behind it, then sure, engage it. But if it doesn't, tape read it. Get the experience from it. But you're not risking anything. And then you're going to get the best learning environments in that. You're not learning anything when you're making money. You're only learning greed. That's it. You're only learning greed or regret because you're going to regret that you didn't have a bigger position on or hold longer. That's what it teaches you. And once you start having that kind of scar tissue, it's very, very difficult, very difficult to get through that stuff. So, we had an inversion fair gap. This is the high of the new week opening gap, that shaded area. So, we'll see if we can get all the way back to that. And if we can accelerate through that, that's underlying strength. But let me uh let me draw this little little box out here. So it's given to you real time with the lowest latency on streaming. You can't make it any faster. As I'm talking, you're literally getting it like two seconds after I say it. So as I'm talking, I can hear myself talking. And it's like delay of two seconds. This gap, what kind of gap is it? The single candle that's sharing no previous candles range or the third candle or the candle immediately after its range. The only portion that's by itself and isolated is shaded here. Okay. As it was forming, I said now I would want to see price utilize this. If it wants to take out this high and go higher, it would utilize this because it was already showing. Okay, go back to the go back in the stream. Go back uh 7 minutes from where we are right now to on your notepad. Go back and study from 954. Okay, to this run here. This and only this is enough for a trade. This is like a breadandbut type setup. The draw would be the minor buy side here. The high of the new week opening gap. So we have this high here and the high of new week opening gap. The entry context is we have a sell side imbalance by sign efficiency. It's a down close candle. So in your mind using my concept of an inversion fair value gap. The price when we opened here we traded down. We colored outside of it just a little bit, but that's permissible. It's the wick. It's not the body. And then where's the body close? Above midpoint or consequent encouragement of that gap. And the next candle we open, trade down a little bit. Can't even touch the consequent encouragement of the wick here and then goes outside of it. Then we use it here. When it hammered that right there, that's an entry. That's what an entry looks like. And your stop loss will be below this. Your target would be here. And then you can use this high of the new week opening gap. This high which is the old intraday high. Split that in half and you get event horizon. Look how it's using the gradient levels there as an octave level. It stopped that. Look at the bodies. Let me put the full levels on so you can see them. there. So, I'm a little bit higher than that by probably like a hair just from viable on it. There you go. So, we we traded up consequent encouragement between those two levels. That's event horizon. We closed above it with these two bodies here. That bodess well for continuation up the upside. And now we have a minor buyside liquidity pool where this little retracement back that would be a target there, a partial there, partial here, and then look to see if it wants to accelerate through that midpoint level is really what I want want to focus on. When you're brand new, this is all you're you're doing. you're you're watching price and you're trying to build real- time narratives what you think price is likely to do based on what you're learning on this channel. Over time, you're going to see by exposure repeating phenomenon that your observations are going to key off of. It's the same thing like when you buy your car. When you buy your car and you drive off the lot, before you get home, you're going to see two or three of them and you're going to think that everybody bought your car. The only difference is is now that you've activated your reticular activating system where you're now keyed up and your interest is so high because you have emotional and psychological con connection to the thing you just bought. So you love your car so much that you're looking for it constantly and you'll see it if you're looking for it. But in the beginning when you first try to learn how to trade and read price action, you don't know what PDA you like. You might start with one, which is it's my advice for you to just start with one of them. But over time, you're going to start seeing something that repeats over and over again. It's like going to the car dealerships and all of a sudden, you didn't know that car came out. You didn't know it had all its trim. You didn't know it was equipped like it did. It didn't come in that shade of color that you never thought it was available in. And now you love that car. Okay? Then you buy it. Then it's easy for you to spot it amongst all the cars around you. You don't care about Corvettes and you don't care about Ferraris and Lamborghinis. You might notice them every now and then in passing, but your car, you see it. It jumps. Your eye jumps right to it. It's not like you're looking for your car, but subconsciously you are. That's the same thing you're trying to do by watching price action. You want these same characteristics to materialize and manifest themselves in your observation skills. They're your ability to perceive these things real time as they're forming. And then over time, you'll begin to anticipate them forming. When price runs start happening and you start these seeing these big candlesticks, when they unfold, you know that there's a likelihood of a fair value gap forming or a consequ encouragement level to be engaged with because of the nature of seeing that big candlestick come to fruition and form. So, you're not reacting to price. When you listen to people say all your job as a trader is to react to price, we're not reacting. We're laying down ground floor to the highest floor of the building a framework in which we're going to engage. We're looking for very specific things. We're not waiting for them to be in the chart, start moving off of them, and then say, "Now it's time to engage price action." That that's not that's not somebody that knows what they're doing. You're reactionary like a gambler. I'm anticipating like a sniper. I'm waiting for this person. I'm I'm stalking them. I'm seeing this person walking. Okay, I'm going to set my crosshairs just ahead of them and I'm going to shoot before they actually enter my crosshairs because the rate of travel, the speed, the wind, all that stuff's going to affect that target being hit by my bullet. So, what am I doing? I'm anticipating. Snipers do not react. They do not react. They anticipate the effects of the wind. They anticipate the direction of their target moving and they're shooting ahead of it. You're a hunter. Look at Go talk to somebody that hunts ducks. You think they're putting their their their end of their rifle? [laughter] You think that they're putting it on the bird? They're not. They're shooting ahead of it. What are they doing? They're anticipating because they're a marksman. If you want to be a marksman in price action, you have to learn to anticipate things before they're there. You have to do that. And that's what I was outlining here. The benefits of knowing what you're looking for that that experience, letting all this mess in here happen. Then you get a a breadandbut type setup. But I didn't get this big run. Who gives a Who cares? If you're going to worry about every fluctuation in price action that you weren't a part of, you're going to you're going to wreck yourself. You're never going to be satisfied even when you're making money. And that's the problem with social media. Everybody, every influencer wants to compete against everybody else because they think that's going to make them significant. It's going to give them more sales. Here's the secret, folks. I have over two million subscribers and it's growing tens of thousands each month. That's not a brag. I'm I'm helping you if you listen to me. I'm staying in my lane. I'm focusing on my strengths, my models, my education. I'm teaching other people to use the stuff I'm teaching them how to do it from the ground floor up. I'm not trying to compare your nonsense to mine because I don't have to. Everybody else can see what I'm doing versus what they see you doing. But you're killing your brand. You're killing your product. You're taking away sales from your own company when you mention my name. Because the only thing that's going to happen is people are going to come here. They're going to see me outline stuff and say, you know, this makes sense. It's actually happening real time. when he's talking about it, not after the fact. And they see it every single time I'm doing a live stream. And they're also hearing things like, "You don't have to take a trade today." And right now, it's okay if you don't have a good read on it and wait for more information. You don't see these other mentors talking like that. But you'll hear them all say, "I'm going to try a long, I'm going to try a short." That's that's fear. That's uncertainty. That's guessing. And when I hear words like that, they that's my reticular activating system keys up on that because that's who I cannibalize, the uninformed, the people that don't know what they're doing or gambling or guessing. If my set my if my setup my model is now geared up that would be going against that logic when they talk about that's why I listen to these live streamers. I'm not trying to get their affiliate codes. I'm not I'm not trade. I'm gonna tell you right now, every funded company out there would love to be able to say ICT trades with us. I've never done that. I've never done it. I never would. So, I'm not hanging out in there for their free giveaways, but I'm in there reading the room. When they get very one-sided about something and they get giddy and as soon as the emot the the um emojis start popping up, that means they're committed emotionally. And when I see the crowds in other people's live streams and they give it to you for free, it's the best sentiment indicator in the world. As soon as they start talking about it's going to drop, it's going to fall out, it's going to go to the moon, it's it's about the moon, it's about the rally, it's going to go straight up, it's going to go vertical, it's going to go down. When you when you start seeing that and they start putting those little emojis next to it and it's constant, it's like they're trying to convince the room. And then the weaker minds agree with, "Yeah, I agree with that. I think so, too." and just go back in time and look at when that stuff happens and you'll see that's the short-term highs and lows, intermediate term highs and lows of the day. And if my PD rays are existing at that moment, as soon as I start talking, that's when my stuff really, really works well. Because what you're seeing is an arm wrestling match against stupid perception based on no logic or retail logic. And I'm not saying these people are stupid. I said their logic is because they are believing something that has no no merit. It holds no merit. It has no there's no substance behind it. It's just an opinion that they now have attached and energized it with emotion and they're trying to get other people to subscribe to it because they have crypto mentality. Let's talk about it. Let's hype it up. Let's hype it up. Let's hype it up. Like that's going to move the market. It doesn't move the market. So, you have to anticipate things and you have to be very comfortable with it. Not knowing in the beginning is comfortable. If you're uncomfortable not knowing that you're you're a gambler and you're impatient, there's two problem areas you can tackle. How do you do that? I've done live streams and lectures and Twitter spaces and even playlists on my YouTube channel that cover all that stuff. But you have to know something beyond what the technicals are showing in the chart. You have to be able to weigh out whether or not just because you think it's in the chart doesn't necessarily mean it's there. And it might start off like we were talking about here. And on any other day, this should have already jumped down in there. And Phil heard it because he's got the two second delay, too. Turn gears. Boom. Turn and burn. Bang. Okay. Why else would I be mentioning how it's reluctant? There's a reluctancy on the part of price because it's problematic. Even though it starts off looking like it could, it's problematic. And if you don't have that skill set or not opening yourself up to developing that skill set, that's anticipatory price reading. You need to know what should be happening. And when you stop seeing it, that's a warning sign. It's like a canary in the in the tunnel. You know, coal miners, they used to bring little birds, little canaries in small cages down into the mines with them. And if you watch old movies, old westerns, and you see them down there, you'll see all the time in the scene, little birds. Sometimes it was a fake bird because they're not they're not going to worry about getting a bird. But you would see a little cage would look like a a parakeet or a canary in it. And the the premise is if that bird dies, it's because the oxygen level has dropped so low, it's now unsafe for these miners to be in there and they got to, you know, haul ass and get out of it. So when you start seeing the PD arrays or the order flow failing to deliver, it's like that canary dying like it did down here. And so what's going to happen? The miners are gonna get the hell out of dodge. They're going to run out of that cave. They're they're going to run to the surface. Well, the surface is above that high. And not only that, they're going to get there and they're going to run home and be thankful that they survived another day because maybe the mine collapsed. Maybe, you know, other miners didn't make it out alive and they get to go home and talk to their family members and say, "I made it out alive. You by the grace of God, I can go back and try it again tomorrow." And that's nothing different than what you're doing with as a trader. You have to read the room. You have to read the the price action and see does it give you telltale signs continuously. Continuously. That means while the candlestick's breathing, while it's unfolding real time, it has not closed yet. When it should be ripping, tearing off, going lower, and it's not doing it, that's a big warning sign that, hey, we're probably going to go the other direction. And you can see they're not going to let people save their stop. They're going to come after them quick all the way back up to a full gap closure of new week opening gap. That's probably random. So now we're in this area here. So this is like a crossroads type thing. And I'm going to talk for about three or four more minutes and then I'm going to close. I really do want to close this one less than an hour cuz I've not been successful in doing so in the last few because I caught caught a little bit of a rant in each one of them. That's what we want. Who cares? I'm trying my best to supply the information to folks that don't have English as their first language. So, I'm going to fail that sometimes when I catch a a rant once in a while, but you it is what it is. So, so far we've seen it come down. The bodies came right down the consequent encroachment. Um, the way you would interpret this is if you're watching price action, you haven't taken a trade yet. You want to see now we're at an area where this is a critical crossroads. Bulls should see this and start sending a higher bears. If we go below it, this could become a reclaimed bearish fair value. And the way you determine that is how we now trade and engage based on this. Because we went to consequent encouragement. Now you have an exercise. You have a test tube environment for you as a brand new trader, brand new student of my stuff. What is it going to show you? You can see price action. You're not trying to take a trade. Okay? That's what everybody else is going to come out here and say, "See, he's talking about he's not he's not even calling a trade. I'm telling you how to read price action." You're going to see me doing trades in Wednesday and Thursday and Friday. You're going to see it. But I'm teaching you logic as to what causes problems and concerns. If you're going to use the things I'm teaching, what problems pop up? And if you're not aware of them, you'll get caught offside. That's a real mentor. That's someone that's helping you understand something, not just here, buy my my blackbox dumb Here's my my little thing that's going to do all the the work for you. All you got to do is put it on autopilot. That's dumb. Because if it was that easy, everybody would have bought it by now and everybody would have won Robins cut with it. Everybody would have had the highest payout in funded firms. Why isn't Why don't you see that stuff? You don't see that? So, stop it with all the Okay. [laughter] Bodies delivered to the downside. So, now if we close below, if this candlestick closes below the bottom portion of this orange box, okay, the criteria would be any candle now, it needs to keep the bodies out of the upper half. If it can do that, this is reclaimed bearish fair value gap. Minor sellside side would be the draw. Let me let me create two two charts here. Okay, we're going to go into 15 second. remove everything. Okay, you see how we came back up and touched the low of that right there? I'm going to keep this naked. This fair value gap right there has formed in the proximity of that low of that fair value gap. You see that? See this right here? So, when you're watching price action, some of the studies you can do is you can look at how price uses a higher time frame. Not that you're going to snicker and think to yourself, one minute is not a higher time frame. But in reference to a 15-second or 5-second chart or a 30-cond chart, it is it's it's slightly higher. So, when you're seeing price action trade to these levels like this, you can look at at the lower time frame, you'll see fair value gaps form. So, this will help build the idea of measuring the continuation of a price run or early signs that it's not giving you what you should be expecting. Okay? So, you're looking for continuation lower if this is going to be a reclaimed bearish fair value gap in this area here. You want to see price stay out of it. Trading back up into here. It's got a volume imbalance right there. Now, is that right there something you can take a short one after that? No. Cuz it should have stayed in here, worked lower. That fair value gap should have set another one up, went lower, and then the next fair value gap on the 15sec, that would be an entry. you're going to see me doing this on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. But that that's what you're looking for. You're looking for a framework to study it and looking at this saying, "Okay, this low of that fair value gap there, if it wants to go lower, if it wants to go for that sell side, this fair value gap should push price lower. That movement lower would set up another fair value gap. And the next one you could take as an entry because you'd have confirmation from the the time frame you're looking at price action where the frame framework where the setup should form and then you go into a lower time frame to see if the order flow is supporting that idea and as soon as you get it like this it if you're looking for this to confirm that and you're taking the next fair value gap and this is what I teach go back and listen to it I talk about it in spaces I talk about in live streams I talk about in mentorship playlists the very next fair value gap. That would be your air entry. There is no extra lower one. It didn't form. Did you take a losing trade? No. But goobers on the internet going to see this and say, "Look at this. It failed there." They had not. They didn't even listen. They didn't even listen. [laughter] But they think they're right. That's what's fun. That's what's amusing about it. All right. So now, same criteria here. We're above we're above this gap. So now, does this act as inversion fair value gap? We have this little portion here. Watch that as well. But trading down to the high of that, we'll call it 268 quarter. So 268 quarters here, right there on that time frame. Okay, music's booked. Now, does price want to run higher from that utilizing this gap here. There you go. Runs higher. No inefficiency on this chart on this portion over here except for this. Well, I'm not going to teach that PDA right here yet. What' you just say? So we were looking for 260 268 quarter. Uh the low of that candle comes in at 67 half. That's pretty good. It's not even a full handle. So it's three ticks. And look at the reaction and response off of that. Minor buy side here. This inefficiency would be optimal for it to stay out of the lower half of it. So if it wants to go here or higher, bodies need to stay out of the lower half. That would be optimal. It's not an entry. It's not anything. It's just a confirmation of an existing price run that started already. And then you would simply just have their your levels outlined like this. This is your your minor buy side that you'd be studying. See if it can run to that. And if it can run to that, it would rolled up to the next one there. No continuation. Ripped right through it. Watch the close of the body, not just the wick. That's a nice run on anyone that's chasing longs. We had that low and we got into what looks like the rejection block there or just above it. on the one minute chart. This promotes the idea of them doing a stop hunt and then run for daily high. Lower time frames would need to take out that high and then start looking for another new structure, new imbalances, new inefficiencies. All right, we're above the buy sign and bounce sell sign efficiency. Anything in the lower half needs to keep a body out of that wick into it. It can't leave a body there. If it does that type of thing, trades down and keeps the body out of the lower half revisiting the high of new week opening gap. That's in play if it does that. If it takes out and trades below on a closing basis this inefficiency here, I would move to the silent and show no more interest in the morning session because it showed a nice little stop hunt here. It's done it on the one minute chart very convincingly So, we have we're at Monday's regular trading hours. This is last Friday's 4:14 p.m. Eastern time closing price. So, we're sitting right at that price again. So, it needs to show if it wants to go higher, it needs to show a lot of strength here or it could just wilt and go lower. And if it goes lower, I'm not interested in in looking at any lower because what I wanted to see was I want to see new week open and gap high taken out and trade to the upside. That's what I personally wanted as I indicated during the stream is that would give me something I can work with where I can actually trade the afternoon session. You're saying that you would watch the whole morning session just to get a trade in the afternoon? Sure. sure that's what that's what you're going to do eventually when you get good and you know what you're doing and you're trusting your model and you know what you're looking for that's not a problem. It's actually very comforting knowing that you you're being patient looking for things that make sense. the price structure on the one minute chart. We had full gap closure on new week opening gap. Went to new week opening gap high. We had a low. We shifted lower. We had a stop hunt here. So, we're in that same measure of it needs to prove something to you. It needs to go one-sided. Since I want to see new week opening gap high taken out, I need to see the support of it in price action. Until it does that, I sit still. I don't do anything. I'm not engaging. I'm not having any participation. But I'm looking for continued feedback to tell me if there is something to anticipate further or cut bait and just say I'm I'm not interested any longer. that's building protocols for you to stay engaged watching price action for a setup or knowing when to say I'm not I'm not interested anymore and let everybody else in the internet talk about how did how they did something later on. Now, I'll say this. If we accelerate below these lows, these two here, this sell side's what they're going to aim for. And I would be aiming for that for the the lunch macro or maybe if they hold it in consolidation up here longer, maybe make a slight higher high run. That would be what I'm aiming for for the afternoon. But it would need to take out these lows for me to see that. I went over the time limited. It was not intentional. It was not trying to be funny. I I just got caught up in the the conversation over candles. I would have preferred they didn't lay these bodies down in here, but you know, it still it still could send it. It would have to show a really strong showing here. Take out this high. Your brand new tape reading is just you getting comfortable with not knowing what's going to happen next and learning. Learning and observing how price reacts off of key levels, off inefficiencies. That's all you're trying to do. You're not trying to be right. You're not trying to have the best entry. You're not trying to have the smallest stop-loss. You're not perfectly trying to get where it's going to go to as a top or high or low or bottom. You're just looking for little runs in price action that make sense that you see repeating over and over again with generally the same characteristics. They're not going to be identical. They're but they're going to closely resemble the same cookie cutter mold or model that you're going to be implementing as your trading model. In the beginning, you don't know what that is. And by you watching price action and studying it, it will it will show itself to you. What you see is an interesting way of, you know, I've seen this happen 20 times over the course of a week. So, I'm going to keep studying that because I keep seeing it happen. Or maybe it's something you see in hindsight and you keep seeing it in hindsight and okay, what does it look like before it does it? That way you can recognize the same framework and logic that forms before it happens in real time. And then when you're rewarded with anticipating it happen and it happens, that's so much better than trying to do a demo account entry or trying to pass a funded account firm challenge with no idea what you're doing. Even if you make money doing that, you know in your heart of hearts that it was a guess and it just so happened to be like a lottery win versus you anticipating something in tape reading where you're not risking anything. And when it pans out in your favor and you see it work, that is something that you can carry with you throughout the day, throughout the week, and it's encouragement. And it's it doesn't equate the same way as if you just guessing and you made money. That's why you see these people post on their social media, I made this much money today because they're relieved. [laughter] They they weathered it, you know. So again, here's here's some criteria. Again, let's revisit it. Ideally, optimally, I said that this would have been better had it not traded back down into this area here. They ran all the way down, took out the stops. But going back to the same conclusion, this was a stop hunt, looking for higher prices, use the same logic. How many times would you have done that type of thing, trading with with a real account or funded account, sticking to the same model? Chances are you probably wouldn't. You would have never looked at this and said, "I'm going to expect this to take out that short-term high that we highlighted over here." You wouldn't have done it because of fear. Because they burned you there. Whenever you see that type of thing, whenever they're going to come down below a low like that, like they did here and did it in quick fashion, generally it's in indicative that it wants to go for the other side of the liquidity. And the other lot other side of the liquidity is a small little minor buy side there. Notice I didn't use this one. If it would have went higher, then the next level would be to watch that. But relative equal highs to the left of that, there's what we're looking for. And we're inside of this inefficiency right here. So you carry that over. That's that's a potential inversion fair value gap. That's why it's being met with this right here. Let me see if I can show it on here. Check close 316 3/4 open. Same thing. So there's no volume imbalance. So there's that. Look at the body stopped right there. And this is a 15-second chart. And look where the bodies are stopping. That it's respecting it. We get a little bit of a run through, but the bodies are saying that's it for right now. So we're we're back to demanding price use this reclaimed bullish fair value gap. It's already traded down to here in that volume imbalance. We went to the rejection block here. There looks like consequent encroachment of that wick got tapped. I'm just going to eyeball and say it did. But it would need to now show a willingness to want to propel itself above this high and start to accelerate to the upside based on what price is showing here. made its way back up to the high of the inversion fair value gap closing body above that on the one minute chart turns this into potentially a bullish reclaimed fair value gap because it's an uplose candle basis. So it's a buy sign balance sell sign efficiency and all you're doing is watching what these candlesticks do over time. In the beginning it's going to feel like you're wasting time. It's going to feel like you're just doing nothing. Like it's not productive at all. But you don't even realize how often you're doing that very thing by trading. But you're you're retaining all the negative stuff when you put a trade on without a model or if you're you're copying somebody else's signals. I'm I'm going to piss in somebody's cornflakes right now. If you're copying other people's signals or setups, you're hoping and praying they're right versus you watching price action and learning what the price is showing you. Think about what I just said there. When you're watching me and you're not doing this on your own, you're either here hoping I'm doing it wrong so you can troll and you're not even going to be able to do a good job of it because I'm giving you lessons for a brand new student. They're not trying to take a trade. What you're looking for, what you're trying to observe, what what it looks like for sustained price runs, what happens when there's a stop hunt, you go right back to looking for the same model. most people aren't going to be able to do that. But by live streaming and talking about this is what you want to focus on. You want to look for these types of things. If you're if you're not profitable, but you can find a 20 handle run from this inefficiency up to that taking out the buy side that we outlined, that's going to be it's going to feel like a victory because you did it in your own hands. You found it in your own hands. You saw it coming. you you expected it using logic that's being taught to you for free. But that free logic is worthless unless you go into the charts and you do what I'm doing here. You start like this. You anticipate certain reactions in price action. You're not reacting to it. You're anticipating it. It should do this. And then you're what you're doing is you're journaling every single time you do it. You're your expectations. So on a on a piece of notepad or paper, whatever, you're going to write down at at this time here at 20 minutes after 8 on a 15-second chart, we were part of a buy sign and balance sign efficiency that formed here at 10:21 and 45 seconds. And I anticipated a run up to this short-term high at 10, 11, and 30 seconds on a 15-second chart. and price runs out of it. Uses the high of the the same gap that you talked about. Mention that as well in your notes and you're recording that on your notepad, not over top the chart because you're going to be typing. You're not going to be watching candlesticks, okay? You're just real quick writing down the times while you're looking at price action. You don't even need to look at your pad when you're doing it. Just keep your eye on the candlestick and write down 10 colon 28 colon in the you know seconds. You'll know what it was because you're still looking at the chart. You can come back in and fill in those those those gaps and what it is you're annotating because you're watching price action. And by doing this and you're developing the skill set. Now, this one here, we took out a short-term low on a wick basis here. We're at the high of this gap. And we're also inside this inefficiency here. So, we're at a crossroads again where this could roll over and challenge that low. So, it would need to really, you know, strongly re reject this type of price action where it is something similar to the like it did down here. it needs to show real strong rejection of that. But by having your charts annotated like that and you're you're not going to be able to put all that lipstick on real time if you're looking at sub one minute charts. Okay? So you're going to have to shorthand it. And by simply using a notepad and writing down the key times, you can write down fair value without even looking at the notepad. Like these are all things that you're looking at the chart and you're writing it down. and then move your hand lower on the on the pad and just you just keep doing it while you're watching a specific price run. And then after that completes, don't worry about rushing to the next one. Go over to your chart and annotate it with those things and then screenshot it and do it every single time you do it. And if it doesn't pan out what you expected, encourage yourself with this is what I observed while watching this. I expected this to happen and this fair value gap didn't hold here. it gave up quickly. So now I know this is what it looks like. So that way if I start seeing those same types of signatures in the future, it's a warning sign. It's that canary in a coal mine type thing. So you're getting experience no matter what the outcome is by reading the tape. Nobody else is going to teach you like this. They're not going to do it because it doesn't sound cool. It's not flashy. It's not I got a signal. I got in. I got a trade. I made money. It's none of that stuff because before you can get to that, you have to know what you're thinking like while you're watching price action. And at the end of the run, then you record all that stuff on your chart from your notepad that you did in shorthand notetaking. Once it's completed and you screenshot it, then you go to your study journal and you write down what you felt physically and emotionally and psychologically. Did you worry about being right? Did you feel confident that it was going to pan? They had no no degree of uncertainty ever entered your mind. That's not confidence. That's not arrogance. That's not being conceited or narcissistic. That's you observing how you're thinking. I'm not trying to encourage one thing over the other, but you need to keep track of that. And you're going to see the setups that pan out the most. Over time, you're going to start feeling confident through through the entire duration of the price run that you're studying. But in the beginning, every trade will feel uncertain. So there's a benchmark measurement that's being applied there over time. Your annotations in your study journal reflecting on how you felt, what was the emotional position you held during the trade before you took it and how you closed it. Do you feel euphoric after it was a win, quote unquote, it went where you thought it was going to go and behaved exactly as you thought? Do you want a peacock around the house like Mick Jagger because he's, you know, he's got the moves like Jagger? Do do you have all those telltale signs that you want to go to work and tell everybody that you you're going to be a good trader because you did that one experiment or are you thinking that was just luck? Record all those things. Record all of that because over time you're going to see your your mental position on what it is you're learning and what you're doing. It's going to shift. It won't be a quick one trans like one day transition that you were thinking toxically to now all of a sudden you're thinking perfect. It won't happen like that. But you'll have a measurement of seeing how your mind shift takes place over a period of time. And then once it occurs when you have a period where you you're in draw down when you're in a period where you think that the the the uncertainty around like right now the geopolitical event this is temporary folks it's not going to stay like this. It's not going to stay like this. Okay. So reminding yourself that there were periods that you went through where the uncertainty was higher. your ability to fire on all cylinders and be dialed in with your model wasn't so strong during certain periods. That's why you have a study journal. You record those things so that way when you go into a period of of draw down or you're not making money or you can't find setups or you don't trust the environment, go back to those periods and read how you were doing it in the beginning and you're going to feel uncomfortable that you're talking and thinking that way again. and then move to the point where it shifts positive. And then read some of those posts and you're going to find encouragement in your own work, in your own book. Not my books, not somebody else's books, not somebody else's podcast, not somebody else's this, that, and the other thing. You're going to find it by your by your own works, in your own hands. And that's where you get the real encouragement. That's what's going to keep you going. that's going to give you the conviction to stay. I'm going to keep doing this because I see the fruits of it over time. It didn't it wasn't an overnight success and all of you when you first start because I wanted it to. I wanted to be successful overnight. I wanted it to be easy. I didn't want any challenge. I didn't want any hard work. I didn't want to have to work hard for it. And that's the problem with everybody today. They all want it easy just because it's being showcased by other people on social media and they're showing you what they took out of the marketplace and they did this and they did that. Talk to me between them those payouts. Tell me what you're going through. Tell me what you endured. Tell me how you felt it was hard. Tell me what you got what because when I hear people like when we're doing our podcast and we you know try to round out I don't care. I never ask anybody how much did you make? You ever noticed that? I never ask you how much you lost. And I don't ever like people that are other influencers, other traders. I don't ever like their post when they say what they made. But I have in the past like some posts by other influencers and other trader guru, whatever. Not because I support them, but because they were honest at that moment and they said, "I'm going through something right now and I'm I'm having a hard time. I'm in draw down." That is reality. And that's the stuff that people should handshake and glad hand with it and say, you know what, I appreciate you coming out and saying that because that's much more there's your run to the buy side. So what do we talk about? It needs to show a strong rejection to get to that pool of liquidity that one here sticking with the same model, same PD array, but the expectation changes and shifts from that of it should do it to it must do it. Listen to the listen to the terminology I'm using. It must show now a strong rejection. It needs to leave this energetically. It need it can't spend a whole lot of time, you know, heming and hauling around inside there. It needs to get out of it then use the high of it. It does and then runs higher. It takes the buy side that was here. So, we have minor buyside high probability because the one to the right of the highest one is slightly lower. So that's how you categorize and classify and quantify a high probability buy liquidity pool and it runs higher. Now for the for the guys and the gals here that probably have already trolled. They're probably circle jerking in their little Discords and talking about oh he read that wrong. Oh, he did that wrong. There's no trades being done here. I'm giving you context. I'm giving you this is what should happen. This is what should not happen. And you saw a real stop read there happen real time. Did you hear me say, "Oh my stuff stops working now." Oh, they're going to get me. They're going for my stop loss. You don't hear me talk like that. I say, "Okay, go back to the what we just talked about." What's the model? When your grandmother's making those little heart cookies on Valentine's Day and she used that little heart-shaped cookie cutter when she wants to make another heart-shaped cookie cutter cookie, is she grabbing another cookie cutter? No. What happens if she pressed the the cookie cutter in a section of the dough and she didn't get the full space of dough underneath that cookie cutter and she went too far to the edge of the cookie uh cookie dough. It's not going to be a pretty shaped heart, is it? What's she going to do? She's going to take that press into another area. And that's what we're doing. This is another area in time, but it's the same price. Same area. Okay. So when we're looking for for price runs, if the context was good enough for the first time and price returns back to that same level, anticipate that thing happening again. Do not toss it out. Don't throw your cookie cutter, that mold, that model you're looking for just because the first tape read of it didn't pan out. Don't say, "Well, that devil's done. It's it's wasted." Don't do that. Don't do that. Go right back in and study the same thing. Look at the bodies. Are the bodies laying on the low of that inefficiency we outlined here real time? Did it do it? No. We had one wick that traded outside of it. Okay, that's fine. This type of stuff, you're going to have to get comfortable with it. And the analogy I use all the time, if your child colored the picture and the crayon marks went outside the line like it would show here, are you going to scold them? Look at this. You worthless artist. You're never going to amount to anything. Look where you colored outside the lines right there. If you did that, you'd be a terrible parent. So why are you doing that with your inner child that's going to be the future successful trader you're going to grow into? Why would you look at this and watch price action? Say, "Oh, this is terrible. I'm going to throw everything out. Get rid of this model. It doesn't work." No. The bodies stopped here. It went slightly lower here. So what is this? That's a lower low. What? Yeah, I already taught it last week. Talked about it. The bodies, you read them. That's a slightly lower low. That lower low right there, we want to see it do what? It needs to show an energetic price run. It needs to do it. It must do it. Trades outside of it, trades to the high of it, runs again. Inefficiency here, trades there, then tears off into the minor buy side. All of these little tiny little price runs like this a drop from the inversion fair value gap down to the consequent encroachment of this going long in here today in efficiency. That's what I'm talking about. When you know what you're looking for, you can take a long, sell it, short it, buy it back. Go long, sell it. That's what high frequency trading is. That's what high frequency trading is. Okay? That's the stuff that you can sit there and just parlay an account. I don't care what size account it is. You can parlay it up. Boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom. Run it up and just do one micro. Not a mini, not multiple contracts, just one. Just one. When we're looking at the one minute chart over here, I gave you this one to watch and it panned out. Let's say let's let's play devil's advocate and say that a trade was entered in here with the logic using this fair value gap that it should support price. The body should stay outside the lower half. Okay. Where would the stop loss been? Well, it would definitely would have been below that low and it ran to it and threw it and then took out that low. What do you do with that? You you take it. You accept the fact that that right there was a stopout and you did not engage properly. It's not the algorithm's fault. It's not you did something wrong. It's you placed your stop there. You engaged and now you paid a premium for that intel. What intel? The same intel I gave you real time. I say, "Okay, go right back to focusing on this in balance." Nothing's changed except for that stop hunt. When it does this stop hunt, it's going to look for opposing liquidity. Well, here's the opposing liquidity. We started the conversation on the 15-second chart with this high. And if it takes out that high, that one, where did it go? Right there. Where's it at now? Lower. That's all you're trying to do as a tape reader. You're brand new. You have no idea what you're doing. But when you do these little exercises, you start getting a baseline, a footing. Sometimes it's not going to work out in your favor. In the beginning, all of it is going to fail in your hands because you don't know what you're looking for. Do not talk negatively to yourself and tear yourself down like your child killing outside the lines. You never want to scold them for them doing their best effort because they want to please you as your as their parent. Well, you're the parent to this future successful trader. You just don't have that skill yet, but you're still trying to nurture this developing person, this entity that's living inside you that's going to be walking forward in the future, knowing what they're going to be doing in the price action and profiting from that. But right now, because that trader is still growing inside of you, you have to stay positive. And it's hard. That part's hard. And that's why you fail because you don't want to be the good parent to your future trading self. You want to be a toxic parent. You want to let all the influences around you dictate your measure of revenge, scolding, and punishment. And you remind yourself this false illusion of you not deserving it. And in in weaker minds, that manifests very easily. People find themselves in a position that it's easy for them to quit. I I've I've stopped many times. I've stopped 40 50 times over my 34 years this November. Stopping and taking a break is not quitting. But in the beginning of the first couple years, I quit by my words. I said, "I quit. I quit. I quit." But when you know that what you're looking for makes sense and you seen enough of it, you won't be able to walk away from it. And that's why I'm telling you to do this because once you have it happen a few times in your hands, it doesn't matter how many times you do it wrong while you're doing that. You've seen it work once, then twice, then a couple times a week, then majority of the month. And then when you get into month two, you have far less, you know, occurrences where it doesn't prove to you that it works. It works perfectly. It's just you by doing operator error. you're not you're not engaging it properly and but you're discovering what your error was when you do these things. There's no other way for you to find your character flaws. There's no other way for you to find where you're going to do it incorrectly internally in your mind because you're going to be expecting certain things to pan out because of fear, greed, need to be successful, because of online significance, clout. So having these these little test tube environments, okay, these little laboratory experiments. Remember when you were in uni, if you ever went to college or if you studied biology and and and higher order of science, you did all these things and you had labs. You have a controlled environment and you want to see the reactions of certain things that you put your focus on and study. Well, that's what you're doing here. The difference is is you're anticipating the future with it. And how often can these models yield correct outcomes? Correct outcomes delivered multiple times in majority, not the minority, not a low strike rate, not a 50/50 strike rate, not a 60% strike rate. What you're developing is a 70% or higher. 70% or higher. That's what I'm aiming for all of you. That's what you should be aiming for. That means there's going to be a lot of setups that you're not going to take, but you might see them panning out before they do it. And the fact that you won't engage it, but you're still able to see it and anticipate it, but still won't engage because it's not giving you every piece of the criteria that your model has. That's maturity. And largely that's what's that's the there's your run to the higher high on new opening gap all based on the same premise here. So again, you know, for the guys circle jerking, [laughter] there it is. It's panning out one side of the marketplace looking for higher. I want to see it trade above new week opening gap higher. I want to see it still build a narrative that it wants to go higher, not just simply this. I want to see it kind of like prove it wants to go higher. Because if it does that today, what it's doing is it's shunning all the negative news that the peace deals went out the door. And just in a couple weeks, you know, we're going to have a new Fed chair. It's Trump's good old boy. And he's part of the club already. He's been a part of the club. So, I'm anticipating the markets becoming much, much more violent and one-sided. And the market should have tanked. If they were going to let it drop and tank, it would have already did that. I'm talking from a daily and weekly perspective. It went down to two of our targets and my first six months target. It didn't get to it. Got real close to it, but it didn't get there. And while I was away, it reversed it and went went higher. That's fine. Now, if they're shunning, technically, if we can show a positive day today and and go back into ranges from where we were trading last week, to me, that would indicate that all of this is protection and not allowing the market to go lower. So, they're intervening. That's fine. I'm not gonna complain about it. Get that new fed hair in there. Do all the hookas pocus that you want to let him do. Okay? I'm not going to argue against it. It is what it is. There's going to be days where it's going to be hard still because he's in there. Who cares? But I know that my tools and your tools that you're learning to implement in your own hands, they're going to yield to you setups that are going to outperform everybody else's stuff. And over time, you're going to see it. But I believe we're going to go into cleaner markets when we get the new Fed chair in because I believe he's part of the club. He's not a yes man. He's part of the club that's running Trump. Let's put it that way. And then because of that, their narrative will be much much more cleaner. They're not going to just limit their exposure to making big money to event driven news. Position themselves ahead of well, we're going to go to war. We're going to bomb and destroy the entire planet. Okay? and then all of a sudden they make money off that run. It's going to be a more of a daily type of thing, more daily, you know, delivery of that type of stuff. So, I believe once we get a new Fed chair in May, that will be the the transition from shitty markets to cleaner price runs. So, there's there's my there's my opinion. I'm probably wrong. Let's let's say that, okay? But that's what I'm expecting. That's what I'm anticipating in price action. I think once we get the new Fed chair in there, um, you know, his, uh, his testimonies when he comes out and and does them, I think they're going to be interpreted differently. And I think a lot more sideline money, the folks that are not really participating in the markets right now, I think they're going to be encouraged by what they start seeing then. And when prices are starting to run, that'll bring sideline money back into the marketplace. And I don't care about the direction. I just think that they're going to take out those relative equal highs on the daily chart on all the averages. and what we do. Once we do that, then obviously that remains to be seen. But that's what I'm standing on. That's the hill I'm willing to die on right now because what else do you have? You have a wreck of a market, right? So, we have to we have to constantly wrestle with this stuff. And you if you're going to trade, you're going to have to encourage yourself through it because you can't change it. You can't stop. You can't vote your way out of it. So, nice little run. Look at that. I wish I could have saw that coming from down here. That would have been better. That would have been so cool if I would have talked about it in real time before it happened. But, you know, picking hindsight and all that stuff is it's a very limiting It's a conundrum I'm in. Okay. I'll get it eventually one day. Until I talk to you tomorrow, Lord willing, be safe.
